You're gonna need more help than that Frenchyŭ
You're gonna need somethin' big to bring down those helis.  Take this...
You're gonna take the lead for once?
You're good.
You're handling this naked thing better than I thought you would.
You're having fun with this.
You're hearing things, soldier.
You're hitting the gas station first, aren't you?
You're in a supply plane for the military.  There has to be something you can use.
You're in the way of redemption.
You're joking, right?
You're joking.
You're just pissed I didn't get you anything.
You're kidding me.  Couldn't have done this earlier?
You're killing all the attackers!  This isn't as dramatic!
You're kind of vindictive, aren't you?
You're late with that news, mate.
You're leavin' me alone on this?
You're lucky I don't blow your ass up myself.
You're making this harder than it needs to be!
You're nailing this material so far!  Totally fucking KILLING it!  Sent you the location of the next shoot.  Once you're there, we'll get the filming under way.  Just come on back through craft services.
You're not Oleg.
You're not coming?
You're not filling me with a lot of confidence.
You're not going to miss the pop of my career, right?
You're not good at comforting people are you...
You're not into brothers?
You're not into classical, are you?
You're not kidding for once.
You're not kidding, Zach.  Trekking through the jungle with four-hundred pounds of gold bars... no picnic.
You're not the only one working.
You're not usually this slow!
You're nothing more than a virus for me to kill.
You're on even ground now, should be a piece of cake.
You're one of a kind, Zimos.
You're out of your mind, Jezebel.
You're pretty smooth with this.
You're printing catalogues of your girls?  That's a new one for me.
You're really into the tombstones, aren't ya Miller?
You're right Bobby, the last time these two fought, Angel lost his mask to Killbane... the greatest mark of shame in the Lucha Libre world.  It's been years, that had to be eating away at him.
You're right!  They used speakers to play that roaring sound hoping to lure the Saints out.  Oh god, I'm so sorry!  I should have seen this coming!
You're right, fuck that question.
You're right, it's bullshit.
You're right, let's move.
You're right, the bitch is crazy.
You're right, you won't be.  He knows how the game is played.
You're right.  Can't let Burt down.
You're right.  Let's take it with.
You're right... I can't let Burt down.
You're safe.  Cut the red wire.
You're sitting this one out?
You're so helpful, Pierce.
You're still helpin' me, right?
You're stronger than you think, Jenny.
You're sure this time, right?
You're taking his side?
You're taking the Morningstar's prime business.  They won't be happy.
You're talking about Jenny?
You're telling me it was all Pierce?
You're telling me you had a helicopter lying around?
You're the Bloody Cannoness, you'll think of something.
You're the Bloody Cannoness... Improvise.
You're the boss.
You're the one who said to move, so move!
You're the one who started monologing here.
You're the one who started saying crazy things, not me.
You're trapped, there's nowhere to run!
You're trying, right?
You're up, Pierce.
You're wastin' a lot of good men tryin' to arrest me, bitch.
You're wasting good film on those helicopters!
You're welcome Zach!
You're welcome, and let's forget it ever happened...
You're welcome...
You're with us for a reason, Zimos.  Get to pimpin' those girls.
You're workin' the slutty nun angle better than I would, trust me.
You're worrying me, kid.
You've already lost.  Listen to the crowd chant my name.  I am their dreams come to life, and your nightmare made flesh!
You've been doing a good job so far of bringing out your inner Saint.
You've been hangin' around Kinzie to much...
You've been making all the deliveries.
You've come this far only to fail now.  Earth is doomed.
You've gone too far this time!
You've gotta be kidding.  And why are we going to Planet Saints?
You've gotta stop the backseat driving.
You've never seen a zombie movie, have you...
You've put a lot of thought into this.
You... you saved me!  You're not like the...!
You?  Don't get it twisted buddy, I'm taking on Killbane.
Your call.  I'm just along for the ride.
Your career is over, Killbane.  Be maintaining your dignity and accept your failure in silence.
Your career's about to crash!
Your choice here, boss.
Your controls are backwards.  Careful where you're going.
Your fault for bein' boss I guess.
Your girls, you sleep with them all?
Your guys, they are on payroll with commision, yes?
Your model's always gotta evolve...It's something I learned from Kiki and Viola.
Your own bitch did that.  Could you not tell from the stench?
Your party sucks...
Your presence is needed for the start of the next Genkibowl 7 match, created by the Genki Girl Sexy Kitten.  Please head there as soon as you're able so we can get under way.
Your ship is shutting down while in range of the viruses.  Now I want one more stunt, one more close flyby, only faster and with more intensity.  This will be the best scene in the film!  You're gonna kill it!
Your tax dollars at work...
Your thoughts?  That's... a disturbing concept.  Whatever you do, don't think about girls.  Just talk to me on the phone.
Your thoughts?  Well fucking great, just what I always wanted.  How about we stick to the phone, alright?
Your turn this time, love.  Just like I showed you.
Your what?!
Z, have you slept with every single one of your women?
Z, tell me you have more of this stuff...
Z, this stuff is amazing...
Z, what were you thinking with those strippers?
Z, you doin' alright?
Z, you fucked up.
Zach and Bobby?
Zach, weren't you just telling me about some rash you and your wife got from a restaurant last week, right?
Zapped like a moth!
Zhen cut that shit too close.  Let's get to the ship.
Zhen.  These are a LOT of guys.
Zimos, I must ask...
Zimos, I need you to tell me how to hit the Morningstar.
Zimos, change of plan.  Get Pierce, we got a boat to catch.
Zimos, don't ever piss off your girls this much.
Zimos, don't worry, I know where we're going.
Zimos, get Pierce.  Change of plans.
Zimos, things have changed.  Let's hope that's a good thing.
Zimos, think I have a better idea.  Get Pierce and wait for me.
Zimos, this is Oleg.
Zimos, where is he?
Zimos, would I ever spill your secret?
Zimos, you're the best.
