I wasn't sure on your position... had to make a judgement call.
I went out and they found me.
I will be alone.  Bring someone if it would put you at ease.
I will be done here soon.
I will be when Steelport is ours.
I will crush you like an ant.
I will drive back to the crib.  You will make sure Birk stays quiet.
I will follow your lead on this, though if she tries anything it will not end well for her.
I will handle it.
I will handle them.  You just take care of... whatever.
I will hurt you... Now let me get this thing set so we can head up.
I will if you agree to meet with me.
I will if you're watching over me.  Like with a helicopter.  With guns.
I will never let Burt Reynolds down as long as I live.
I will not be stopped!
I will not let anything happen to you, Pierce. 
I will take care of it.
I will take pleasure from watching you burn.
I will tear your insides out!
I will want the hand sanitizer after this.
I will, just... stop doing that.
I will.
I wish you let me go home and change, brother, what I got on ain't exactly comfortable...
I wish, that'd be sexy as hell...
I won't be getting lonely.
I won't be ok until this little shit stops asking for my phone number. Here...
I won't let my friends die in vain...you're goin' down.
I won't let you take... them, you... I won't let you... I won't let them take you away, princess.
I won't.
I wonder how the Moringstar feel about you coming back.
I worry about you sometimes, mate...
I worry about you sometimes...
I worry about you.  I really do.
I would have expected a trap, but it seems she was telling the truth.
I would like to move on now...
I would never have guessed.
I would rather shoot some Morningstar.
I wouldn't be surprised, but is he really that good?
I wouldn't dream of taking the tank, Kinzie.
I wouldn't know.
I wouldn't want to be the mugger who tried to hold up the overlord of Genkibowl.
I wouldn't want to miss killing her if she tries something uncivil.
I'd do a little demolition in style!
I'd do alright modeling this stuff, but I don't have the charisma to sell.
I'd follow you to the ends of the galaxy, Commander.
I'd go with "or something".
I'd hate to be a mascot facing this contestant!
I'd hate to be in his path!
I'd hate to be let down...
I'd hurry if I were you.
I'd like to meet, if you'd be willing.
I'd like to remind all passengers to remain seated and enjoy the flight.
I'd say it's better.
I'd worry about ME cutting something off.
I'll ask him how to disarm that thing.
I'll be around.
I'll be back in a minute.
I'll be honest, I made the plan up because we had a warehouse of "Saints Row, Bitches" tshirts that I wanted to move.
I'll be the judge of that.
I'll be there soon.
I'll be there, have patience!
I'll be there.
I'll be too busy keeping the Morningstar off you to watch...
I'll bet the little rugrats miss you, too.
I'll bookmark that address...
I'll buy that.
I'll call Shaundi, we'll need her.  See ya.
I'll call Viola, you can use her plane...
I'll call her then.  Meet me at Smiling Jack's diner, there's something you need to see.
I'll catch ya, Shaundi!
I'll check out upstairs!
I'll come back for you.
I'll cover you.
I'll do the selling, you just get my back.  And I have the perfect places to hit...
I'll do what I do... So, girl, you think about what I said?
I'll do whatever I can.
I'll drink to that.
I'll enjoy watching you burn.
I'll get everything ready.
I'll get her outta here.  Have fun at the gimp show.
I'll get ready then.
I'll get set up.
I'll get us to the plane.  Just keep them away from the car.
I'll get what I can off the computer.
I'll get you a clear view.
I'll get you in position.
I'll get you your shots, don't worry.
I'll give you something to be frightened of you little prick...
I'll go over the details when I see you.
I'll keep an eye on her.
I'll keep my ear on the police band, let you know where things are really bad,
I'll keep them off you.
I'll keep us safe, you just work your magic, girl.
I'll keep you safe, sugar.
I'll kill you one way or another!
I'll let you know when it's all good, sir.
I'll look around for that hose.  You hold them off.
I'll make sure the fight's only between you two.
I'll need more time.
I'll never betray my friends!
I'll never understand you two.
I'll put you both in a timeout...
I'll remember that.
I'll see if I can fix it.
I'll see you soon.
I'll send you my location.  Bring someone if you wish, I won't be offended.
I'll set up and be waiting.
I'll show him what a horrible actress I am... just like I showed that slut Marilyn when I was on the witness stand.
I'll start dropping the girls off.  You have everything ready?
I'll stick with guns.
I'll stop this thing.
I'll take care of 'em!
I'll take care of them.  Just relax.
I'll take care of this. 
I'll take it from here, Oleg.
I'll take it!
I'll take that as a compliment sir.
I'll take that as a no...
I'll take us out of range.  Maybe that'll get these bastards off us.
I'll take you prisoners to the brig where we find Shaundi and get the hell off the boat.
I'll think about it.
I'll wait.
I'll watch you.  Did we get some good shit?
I'll worry about that when I'm not being shot at.
I'll... keep you safe then.
I'm a Saint now...let me handle this for you.
I'm a little busy...
I'm a little worried myself.
I'm a quick learner.
I'm afraid to ask.
I'm aiming...
I'm all for it.
I'm all for the strip club, but is now really the time?
I'm almost there, hold on.
I'm almost there.  Hold them off while I'm coming in.
I'm always ready.
I'm always trying to help.
I'm beginning to agree with you.
I'm beginning to feel bad for Sad Panda, Zach.
I'm beginning to think Zhen is going to get us killed.
I'm being serious.  This is my kinda plan.
I'm being told several of the mascots are now leaving the rooftops.
I'm bettin' you know the code to the elevator.
I'm bringing them down.
I'm burning this outfit when I get home...
I'm close to being able to go after the Deckers directly, but I'll need your help.
I'm comin' back, and I'm bringing friends...you ready Oleg?
I'm comin' for ya, Frenchie!
I'm comin' for ya, Shaundi!
I'm comin', Angel.
I'm coming alone,  it's not a trick.
I'm coming for you, just hold on.
I'm curious, Z.  Do you sleep with all your girls?
I'm curious, Zimos.  Do you... sample... all your girls?
I'm detecting system failures all over that ship.  Tell me you're getting out of there.
I'm doing good, thanks for asking.
I'm doing that bad, am I?
I'm dyin' here... sorta...
I'm en route, just hang on.
I'm falling through the air... again...
I'm feelin' the hits here.
I'm finishing this scene then calling my lawyer.  You ok?
I'm following the GPS on your phone.
I'm fucking nimble, dammit!
I'm game.
I'm gettin' real tired of these fuckin' parties!
I'm getting no service out here.  I hate this phone-- Oh shit... sorry.
I'm getting real tired of these surprises.
I'm getting the hang of it.
I'm getting us out of range of that shit.
I'm getting very tired of these surprises.
I'm getting' the hang of this.
I'm glad the shipment worked out for you.
I'm glad you took my suggestion about the shipment.
I'm going for it!
I'm going on instinct.  ACTING!
I'm going to cut that disrespectful tongue from your mouth...
I'm going to find the chav that wrote this and it won't end pretty...
I'm going to have to bathe in hand sanitizer...
I'm going to need a shower after all this.
I'm going to stick you in a goddamn microwave if you don't start working.
I'm going upstairs!
I'm gonna back away slowly now...
I'm gonna bend that knee of yours the opposite direction.
I'm gonna break it down for you Eddie...
I'm gonna destroy that little prick.
I'm gonna enjoy watchin' your ass burn.
I'm gonna find you and put a bullet in that inflated fucking head of yours!
I'm gonna go in, open the safety deposit boxes, get the shit, and then come out.
I'm gonna kill Birk if I see him again...
I'm gonna kill that kid...
I'm gonna kill that little shit...
I'm gonna kill that son of a bitch...
I'm gonna like hanging out with you.
I'm gonna need a replacement soon...
I'm gonna need to get back to you.
I'm gonna regret this...
I'm gonna rip that mask off your fucking face.
I'm gonna run around wearin' a gas mask and kill some fuckin' zombies.
I'm gonna shoot you in your non-responsive FACE!
I'm gonna toss you in a microwave if you don't start working.
I'm good with that.
I'm good...
I'm guessin' you're Kinzie Kensington?
I'm guessing this is a new cast member...
I'm handlin' that shit.
I'm happy for you, now how do I get past?
I'm heading upstairs!
I'm hearing roars in the distance.  Triangulating the source and...
I'm here to drop anyone who fucks with us.  That's it.
I'm here!
I'm here, I'll clear you a path...
I'm here, but no Gat.
I'm here, easy does it.
I'm here.  Let's see if I can clear the way.
I'm here. I don't see Gat though...
I'm here... and I don't think I'm alone.
I'm here...time to clean things up a little.
I'm hurting you later.
I'm impressed, it works.  Oleg's a genius.
I'm impressed.  No wonder your girls like you.  
I'm in love.
I'm in the grove now.  Know where we can find more?
I'm in, Kinzie!
I'm just here to look intimidating.
I'm just sayin' that was eerily specific.
I'm just sayin', powerful guy, stressful job...
I'm just sayin'.
I'm just saying it's a damn shame to cover up a girl like you in body armor.
I'm just saying, you made it out in one piece.
I'm just saying.
I'm just throwing out options here...
I'm killing Pierce.
I'm kind of enjoying this RC gun...
I'm like a badass action hero!
I'm looking for Zimos.  Start talkin' or I start leavin' marks...
I'm losing it!
I'm losing the signal, you're too far.
I'm maintaining a healthy skepticism.
I'm makin' a monster here.
I'm moving stuff into my place.  There are boxes.  Some are too heavy for me.  I need help.  Got it?
I'm naked...?
I'm not a walking deus ex machina.  Use this STAG sonic gun to knock the explosives into the water.
I'm not ashamed of what I have...
I'm not calling for a story.  I'm calling regarding a shipment of girls the Morningstar are bringing into Steelport.
I'm not cleaning this up! You got that?!
I'm not cleaning this up, later.
I'm not counting corpses, Kinzie.  Just keep going.
I'm not doing shit until you tell me who you are.
I'm not done in here...
I'm not exactly happy, either.
I'm not getting any help here?
I'm not getting replaced here!  I worked my ass off for this part!
I'm not giving up yet.
I'm not going to be beaten by some noob you dragged into my world, Kensington.
I'm not going to do it... I'm not...
I'm not gonna be able to sleep for... years...
I'm not gonna lie, for a minute I didn't think you'd make it in time. 
I'm not gonna like this, am I?
I'm not hurting it enough, Kinzie.  We need to try something else.
I'm not jealous.
I'm not leaving 'till it's finished, Temple!
I'm not leaving here without your fucking mask.
I'm not part of this fight, remember?
I'm not picky, as long as they stop moving.
I'm not sayin', I'm just sayin'.
I'm not seeing a way up there, Pierce.  How'd you manage it?
I'm not seeing it.  Let's try down there.
I'm not sure that I follow...
I'm not surprised.  Publicity is the key to taking a city.
I'm not talking about the Deckers.  There are other problems out there you know.
I'm not the intruder!
I'm not too late to the party, am I?
I'm not trying to explain over the phone.
I'm not worried about him.
I'm not!
I'm on a coed Curling team!
I'm opening the cargo bay doors, find some chutes and jump out the back, it should be clear.
I'm out. Think I left some clips by the bar upstairs.
I'm punching whoever wrote this.
I'm ready to get the hell outta here.
I'm ready to go.
I'm ready to make some money. 
I'm ready!
I'm really feelin' that love right now.
I'm relocating all my contacts to a secure location.
I'm rewriting this shit.  Trust me.
I'm right there with you.
I'm saying the Saints could create zombies to fight with us, overwhelming our enemies with a tide of flesh.
I'm seeing a huge concentration of STAG and Luchadores at the Armory.
I'm seeing something.  What the hell is it?
I'm sick of these bastards!
I'm sorry Eddie.  Your flight's been canceled.
I'm sorry commander?
I'm sorry sir, I didn't catch that.
I'm sorry sir.
I'm sorry, but no.
I'm sorry, what did you say?
I'm sorry... for everything.
I'm sorry...that's...that's not protocol.
I'm standing on a roof downtown with executives from several Steelport banks.  Champagne is being served by scantily clad women, while large bets are being placed on how this Saint will perform today.
I'm still breathing.  Or did you forget that?
I'm still gettin' in touch with the city.  I been out of the game for a while...
I'm still getting hit here.
I'm still taking fire here.
I'm sure I can try...
I'm sure he has a better reason, how about...
I'm sure he'll tell you when we get there.
I'm sure some people are into that sort of thing.
I'm sure there will be other pussy to sell. We're making the deal.
I'm sure we ain't got a choice.
I'm sure you will.
I'm sure you won't regret it.
I'm sure, alright?
I'm surprised this whole idea of yours worked.
I'm surprised you came.
I'm takin' Shaundi next time...
I'm taking a bee gun and listening to a kid.  I must've lost my mind.
I'm taking them all out.  I'm through playing around.
I'm tellin' you, the Saints used to get kicked around too.  All you gotta do is watch me and I'll show you how it's done.
I'm the one hanging from a building here, remember?
I'm the voice of Planet Saints already, why couldn't I be fuckin' manager?
I'm thinkin' you should start selling insurance.  Or maybe vacuums.
I'm through hiding.
I'm through playing the Syndicate's game.
I'm tired of fighting against the Saints.  Meet me and maybe you'll realize that.
I'm trusting you on this, Viola.
I'm trying not to get shot here!
I'm trying to get people to shelter, but it's chaos down here.
I'm trying to hot wire an elevator while I'm being shot at... how do you think it's going?
I'm up for anything at this point.
I'm using the boat as a torpedo, it doesn't... you know, nevermind...
I'm usually ok with just death...
I'm waiting to see if you were sent to kill me.
I'm with Shaundi on this.  Where do we do that?
I'm with ya on that.
I'm with you on that.
I'm with you, Kwilanna.
I'm wondering if I shouldn't turn you loose on your own Planet Saints.
I'm your Commander!
I'm, taking a lot of damage.
I'm... sorry I asked.
I've always been better than Killbane.
I've always had a great deal of respect for him.
I've been a soldier longer than you've been alive.  You can't defeat me.
I've been busy.
I've been living with this shame for years.  Give me the chance to make it right.
I've been missin' out.
I've been missing out on so much...
I've been practicing for years.  I know I'm ready.
I've been praying for redemption...I won't let this chance slip me by.
I've been ready for years.
I've been tracking the Decker's movements in Steelport.
I've been working on that.
I've dealt with the man before.  He's a powerful connection to have in Steelport.
I've finished my analysis of the Deckers' network and infrastructure and determined the needed processing power and hardware requirements for accessing their mainframe.
I've got PTSD, Pierce.
I've got it under control.  I think.
I've got it!  Sending you the location now.
I've got it, alright? 
I've got this one!
I've got this side, go take care of those tanks.
I've handled your kind before, clone!
I've met a few of them, but we haven't talked much.  What are they?
I've met this guy.  He's probably practicing on camera already.
I've never allowed anyone in my inner sanctum before.
I've never flown anything like this... this THING before.
I've never told anyone this...but Aisha's murder is what got me into law enforcement.  I wanted to get those bastards that took my idol away.
I've read Jane Eyre 13 times!
I've saved the worst for last...El Presidente.
I've seen Morningstar all over the city doin' deals and shit.
I've seen some scary motherfuckers, but the way he was shrugging off bullets...
I've seen the Luchadores fight dozens of guys at once without breaking a sweat.  Doubt you'd even last two seconds, brother.
I've seen your place before, Kinzie.
I've sent you coordinates to several radio towers.  Head to the first one and let me know when you've landed.
I've sent you the information on the boat.  Do whatever you want with it.
I've sent you their locations... Commander, come back safe... I love you.
I've tracked The Clubber's cell phone.  He isn't on the water, but near it.
I've worked REALLY hard and know what we need to go after the Deckers.
I, Jimmy Torbitson, am a mastermind of science and technology.
I... I can try.
I... I can't think of anyone that would.
I... I think I fell...
I... can't argue with that.
I... don't think that'll work.
I... guess?
I... think you missed one.
I... uh... think you mean Jenny.
I... yeah...
I...I guess that depends on what you're into commander.
If "Boal" means kidnap and randsom, then sure.
If I can find a good car, I'll lose them in the streets.
If I can't, this is going to be a short outing.
If I did find him, would we still need the chair?
If I didn't have to answer your call, maybe  I would be.
If I don't light something on fire soon, I'm gonna forget how...
If I don't... Tell Pierce... his zombie...
If I have to choose between getting mutilated by the drivers in this city or a carefree flight with a view, I think the choice is obvious.
If I knew we bought shit like this with taxes, I'd start paying 'em...this is awesome.
If I know you, Kinzie, you'll find a way.
If I never see this place again, it'll be too soon.
If I say anything the DeWynter sisters will cut me off!
If I shoot out the window I can land inside it, cap Phillipe, then jump out the back.
If I time it right, I can shoot out the window, land in the plane, kill Phillippe, and fly out the back.
If Johnny's pissed, he'll want a gun.  Try Friendly Fire.
If Kinzie's device can control a tank, STAG will commit a few more atrocities.
If Morningstar doesn't know the Saints are back they will now ...
If Pierce says he's there, he's there...
If banging doesn't work out, you can always get a job at Planet Saints.
If by great you mean can't fit into her own costume, then yeah, sure.
If her desire to help is genuine, I have no problem with it.  You helped me when you did not have to...
If it gets us to the Deckers, busy is good.
If it is that important, then we won't leave without it.
If it was alright, I wouldn't need help, would I?  The boxes are too heavy.
If it works, great.  I don't care about the details, Jimmy.
If it works, that's more for us.
If it'll get us on his good side, yes.
If it's really Johnny, he'll want a gun.  We're heading to Friendly Fire.
If my people are already here, I fear we may be too late.
If only we had time to look around and take some.
If she is, she will not live long.
If that ref keeps his eyes outside the ring for one more moment, I'm afraid it's all finito for Angel.
If that's the goal I'm all for it.
If that's what you want.
If the Butcher doesn't start using those weapons the audience may riot...
If the the money is good, then perhaps I could consider it.
If there's no more contenders he'll have to.
If they are rescuing him, he must be important.  He will know how to disarm the explosives.
If they get their hands on the mind control devices... Then what's to stop them...
If they get their hands on the mind control devices... my god, Kwilanna.
If they get their hands on the mind control devices... then the world... shit what was the line?
If they get their hands on the mind control devices... then they would have... mind control...
If they get their hands on the mind control devices... uh... bad things happen.
If they get their hands on the mind control devices... uh... sh... fuck me man, I'm sorry, I'm sorry...
If they're moving, they ain't dead.  They're just... fucked up.
If this city falls, the Earth falls with it.
If this is really Johnny I would guess he's heading to Friendly Fire.
If this keeps up much longer, I think we will be in trouble!
If we don't need it, leave it.
If we get shot down, kiss your rescue goodbye!
If we stick to the plan, everyone will come back home
If we're gonna get a cash flow going, we'll need a business to funnel us money.
If we're stayin', maybe it's time to try those UAV drones.
If you are going to have second thoughts, Shaundi, you need to be having them now.
If you didn't just bust me out, I'd be walkin' the other way.
If you don't say anything something else is getting cut off...
If you get too cocky, I may have to do something about it.
If you gotta, you gotta.
If you have to ask, you'll never know.
If you insist.
If you knew Killbane had your mask, why didn't you go look for it?
If you let people walk all over you always, you'll never rise to greatness.  Look at the Saints.  We've come from nothing.
If you think you'd be better at it...
If you wanna go, now's your chance!
If you wanna meet the genius behind the epic extravaganza of bloodshed and carnage, then head to Leather & Lace.
If you want to hurt the Morningstar, they have a shipment of girls coming in soon.  I've sent you the boat information.  If you...
If you were me, would you fuck him?
If you're calling about the Morningstar...
If you're half as good as you say, I'm bettin' you'll make me more with the girls  Take 'em, Z.
If you're referring to your two pawns, they're too late.
If you're taking it to Loren you bet your ass I'm coming.
If... I... were an evil crime lord that is...
Ignore him.  You can do it.
Ignore that shit, you did fine.
Ignore the prick, Jenny.
Impressive!  Oleg, I think you have done this before.
Impressive, isn't it?
Impressive.
Impressive.  That was not in my biography.
Impressive.  These girls would have been useful against Phillipe.
Improv!  Brilliant!  I love the instincts!
In a fair fight, Killbane has no chance of winning.
In a minute!
In any good plan, it is the details that are important.
In front of the plant.
In good time, Shaundi.  
In my world, the rules can change.
In person.  Meet me at the address I'm sending.
In the flier, that ain't spelled right.
In this city, who isn't...
In your dreams, kid.
Incoming air... things!
Incoming choppers.
Incoming soldiers!
Indeed it was.  I still get goosebumps thinking about it.
Indeed their friend had not been to the purveyor of weapons close by, but perhaps the next merchant would prove more... enlightening.
Indeed they were.  Let's hope the rest of Genkibowl is just as exciting.
Inner... sanctum...
Inside will be safer.
Instruction time, Kinzie.
Interesting idea.  Maybe I should set up my own graveyard...
Interesting.  And the other one?
Interesting.  Well, it would not be polite to make him wait.
Interesting.  Why didn't I think of that?
Intruder heading to the brig.
Investigate all possible Saint vehicles.
Is Miranda taking it alright?
Is Shaundi in on this?
Is Shaundi with you?
Is anything we do small?  Ever?
