Then I'm on cover duty.
Then I'm on it.
Then I've done the world a favor.
Then be happy when you see him fall down at Murderbrawl.
Then call Viola and tell her to meet me at the airport.  I'll need her jet.
Then call me back when it is.
Then can I kill him?  Please god tell me I can kill him.
Then come by when you can.
Then consider yourself an outlier.
Then don't forget to take one home for her, ok?
Then hope you're ready for it.
Then how are they still allowed to drive in Steelport?
Then it's gone rogue...
Then it's time they wake up.
Then it's time you fell back to earth.
Then lay low and I'll call ya soon.
Then lead on.
Then let's clear out.
Then let's get moving!
Then let's get started...
Then let's get to the office and find them.
Then let's give the people a real show.
Then let's hit them directly.  I know a few places we could start.
Then let's make some noise.
Then let's move on.
Then let's roll.  Whatchu need?
Then let's tell Steelport how great your girls are.
Then let's use it.
Then make sure it don't happen.
Then make sure they don't.
Then make that shit bigger.
Then maybe I should let you be boss for awhile.
Then one more to go.
Then people can blame this on Roid Rage.
Then put it on and lets get the fuck outta here.
Then so am I.
Then they can pick up the tab.
Then they must really be tryin' to kill us.
Then time to get to work.
Then try not to kill him.
Then use it so we can land these things already.
Then watch me and I'll show you how it's done.
Then we better hurry.
Then we can head for home.
Then we keep heading down.
Then we must.  Not.  Fail.
Then we should push something on it.
Then we should start fuckin' this place up.
Then we should start selling.
Then we will be needing a lot more guns.  Any suggestions?
Then we will find someone else.  Why pay a PR team if not for times like this?
Then we'll be all good.  Glad to have you in the Saints.
Then we'll have to take them down.
Then we'll need more guns. Any suggestions? 
Then what are they good for?
Then what do we have a PR department for?
Then what the fuck are their lawyers good for?
Then who called them in?
Then why didn't you call?
Then why even mention the bloody hole?
Then why even mention the hole?
Then why mention the damn hole?
Then why the call?
Then why the fuck would you be telling me this?
Then why's he want you dead?
Then you and the fans must be tone deaf.  I don't think that's what Sexy Kitten had in mind when she designed this course.
Then you can practice a scene together.
Then you---
There a chance we ain't gonna catch too much shit out here?
There a problem?
There anything else to try?
There are guards all around...
There are more APCs!
There are more of them, right?
There are tanks parked on the deck.
There goes Teddy...
There goes a tire.
There goes an unethical target.  That's not good.
There goes my career...
There goes the truck and here comes the Deckers.
There has to be another way up.
There he goes...
There he is!
There he is.
There is a little time yet.  I will try to hold them off, but hurry.
There is no doubt about that.
There is no sign of Gat here...
There is something you can do...
There might be another way down here.
There must be something I can use in here.
There must be something good here...
There sure is a lot of debris falling into the streets below, Bobby.
There they are!  Release the brutes!
There they are.  Go in there and start some shit.
There was no one like Johnny.  And then Aisha died.  After that he was.... different.
There we go.
There weren't any helicop...
There will be a rematch. Cast your bets now.
There will be if you don't keep quiet.
There will be more somewhere else.  We should go.
There will be no problems.  We have just a few containers to go.
There will be penalties for that mistake.
There!  He's getting in a car.
There!  Pierce, we comin'!
There!  That's the Casino Manager!
There's Deckers up here.
There's a car waiting for you.  Head to it.
There's a cargo plane flying in, escorted by some of their VTOLs.
There's a great St. Crispin's Day joke in here somewhere...
There's a lot of power output coming from that place, so it's hard to get a lock on the chair.
There's a lot of water here, Kinzie...
There's a quick way?
There's another roadblock ahead!  We have to get through it!
There's gonna be enough room for this shit, right?
There's gotta be a way to shut it off.
There's gotta be some crazy internet music on one of these stations.
There's gravestones all over the place...
There's just one thing I need.
There's military crawling all over the place!
There's military everywhere!
There's military here!  What are they doing?
There's no giving up now.
There's no one left now...
There's no place for love in this crazy, mixed up universe we call life.
There's no problems in there, right?
There's no room for you in my world.  Time to die!
There's no such thing as zombies.
There's no such thing as...
There's nothing I have trained harder for than reclaiming my title from him.  I need to do this.
There's nothing more majestic than seeing a panda in flight.
There's one I've played quite a bit.  Why?
There's only one thing I need.  Meet me at the 3 Count Casino.
There's plenty to go around.  Let's get in there and find Angel.
There's something very soothing about watching this Saint at work.
There's still a truck of containers left.
There's still more to shut down.
There's the Angel I know.
There's the boat, right?
There's the chair! 
There's the databanks.  On one of these computers is the code to the spaceships.
There's the device.  Hold them off and I'll shut it down.
There's the elevator!
There's the end of the match again, Bobby!
There's the next one.  I'll start shutting it down.
There's the ship.
There's too many for me to handle.
There's too many of them!
There's wreckage all over the area.  Probably the recon squadron.
There, down at that beach party.
There, feel better now?
There, got it.  Sending the coordinates of the van.
There, let's finish the scene and get the hell out of this ship.
There, next time they stop in they're in for a neon-pink paint job.
There, that should do it.
There.  That's better.
These all extras in our movie?
These are supposed to look like accidents, remember?
These assholes are gonna tear Steelport apart.
These assholes aren't givin' up.
These assholes pack enough shit in that plane?
These clones cannot prevent our mission!
These crates never end!
These details are important.
These employees of yours too?
These fear tactics won't work on me!
These girls gonna try to kill us too?
These guys are being shipped now?
These guys are letting up.
These guys just don't give up.
These guys keep throwing some bad parties.
These guys seem to be more worried about us than a giant Gat clone.
These guys were gonna destroy Steelport.
These mascots have been coming to Genkibowl for years.  What has them so worked up with this match?
These motherfuckers are trying to trash this town.
These one armed bandits had it comin' to 'em.
These people are killing the Syndicate and Saints alike.  This does not look like just another turf war.
These pricks are gonna tear Steelport apart.
These regular employees of yours?
These tanks are not very comfortable.
These things must be heavy.
These things take time.
These uniforms leave too much to the imagination...
These zombies ain't takin' my town.
They act like they are guarding someone important!
They ain't destroying my city.  We'll kill every last one of 'em if we have to.
They ain't fucking around here.
They ain't stopping me now.
They all do most of the time.
They almost fuckin' hit me!
They always afraid of competition.  Especially from Zimos.
They are bringing in a lot of boxes.
They are certainly not friendly.  Could Killbane have brought in help?
They are determined to destroy this tank.
They are not giving up easily.
They are sure to be hiding from us.  Check the office.
They are sure to be paying attention to that.
They aren't falling for it.
They attacking anyone other than us?
They better or Pierce ain't gonna last.
They can do that?
They certainly look like you...
They certainly stock up...
They come in clips or some shit?
They could be keeping the chair anywhere...I have to triangulate its exact location first, while you...
They don't have enough space to move!
They don't seem very welcoming, do they?
They flyin' some sort of jet in?
They got a funny way of showin' it...
They had troop transports in the hanger.  We could snatch one of them.
They have a lot of ammunition here...
They have a lot of tanks up here...
They have homing beacons at all of the bases?  That's convenient.
They have locked the cockpit from the inside.
They have more than enough to go around.  What's to worry about?
They have one of those here?  Right on...
They have snipers in here!
They have snipers!
They have some improvements to our tank's weaponry.  Should pack more firepower.
They have too many!  We should go now!
They hittin' the Syndicate too?
They initiate various programs for getting through difficult firewalls.
They keep coming!
They keep that up they'll go home rich!
They knew we were coming!
They locked the door from the inside.
They look like they were bought on clearance.
They love you, anyway.
They must be payin' to keep these docks from getting raided.
They must be throwing everything at us.
They must've cut it.
They need to take a hint
They probably use these antennas for the Decker usenet.  Not surprising they'd leave guards.
They probably want our autographs.  Keep flying.
They promised boating was safe!
They really need this many crates?
They really went overboard with the security.  It's just one guy.
They really won't like this.
They say lag kills.
They should be leading us right to Shaundi.  We grab her, and then we leave.
They should get in line.
They should put that shit on a trapper keeper.
They should use this in a movie...
They teach helicopter piloting to all Luchadores?
They throw more cause we keep crashing them.
They want you dead really, really bad.
They will easily refill their ranks.
They won't have trouble recruiting more.
They won't replace you.
They'll be happy once I'm back Earth-side.
They'll get over it.
They'll never see us coming now...
They're after everyone.
They're backdoors into company records.  One door leads to a weapons manufacturer, giving you discounts on weapon upgrades.
They're blockin' the road up here.  Help me out.
They're boxing these guys?
They're breaking my concentration.
They're comin' for the boat.
They're dropping soldiers off up here.
They're flyin' in more troops?  Oh fuck that, better hurry this shit up...
They're going to kill him!
They're gonna pay for what they did.
They're in for a rude awakeneing.
They're keeping us from Killbane!
They're not exactly friendly. Killbane's guys?
They're not going to.
They're on board.
They're on you, Pierce.
They're probably jealous.
They're rolling tanks up the highway!
They're scheduled to enter steelport airspace not long from now.  Probably bringing in new weapons and equipment for STAG.
They're still moving.  They're not dead, just... weird and stuff.
They're still trying to capture my kind for experimentation.
They're trapping you at the firewall.  Hold off whatever Miller sends and I'll get you through.
They're trying to kill us.  What the hell did you expect us to do, lie back and die?
They've been talking about it for the last hour.  It's all over the net and TV.
They've blockaded the road!
They've brought in a plane with a big fucking radar dish on it just for you.
They've busted out the riot shields.
They've cut the power to the elevator.
They've left me plenty of weapons.  How nice.
They've made their choice and I've made mine.  I cannot let them enslave this city.
They've sent a tank to the north side!
Things are looking good, Pierce.
Things change.
Think I can figure it out.  I'm a natural at these things.
Think I figured out what happened to our recon squad.  There's wreckage all over the area.
Think I figured out what happened to our recon squadron.  There's wreckage all over the area.
Think I know that.
Think I might have pissed them off.  You're probably good to move, Pierce.
Think I saw some big firepower layin' on those platforms on the sides.
Think his place might have room for the crew?
Think it'll be that simple, huh?
Think it's your turn.  Set it just like I did.
Think maybe they know I'm here...
Think our contestant can handle a few more hunters?
Think that will drive enough demand?
Think that'll be enough?
Think that's enough?
Think these girls are pissed off?
Think they said they'd be done pretty soon.  We could probably head over whenever.
Think they'll get the hint later.
Think they're pissed.
Think they're pissed...
Think this can wait, I'm in the middle of something?
Think this is the right way?
Think this will still help you out?
Think this will work? 
Think we go this way.
Think we should interfere?
Think we're all that's keeping her sane...
Think we're still being shot at.
Think you assholes can stop me?
Think you can catch this?
Think you can handle one more stop?
Think you can handle that?
Think you can handle this one?  Or not...
Think you can move this along?
Think you can pick a fight with STAG by yourself?
Think you can tell Viola to get to the airport?
Think you can... hurry up a little?
Think you guys pissed her off.
Think you let some off already.
Think you might be right.
Think you might've pissed them off.
This I can do.
This Saint is definitely not fire proof!
This Saint is doing everything right!
This Saint is locked onto the ethical targets.
This Saint is making short work of those targets.
This Saint is on top of these targets.
This Saint is taking care of business!
This Saint's one hell of a competitor.
This a cemetery?  What's with the gravestones?
This a horrible idea.
This ain't as easy at it looks.
This ain't business as usual.
This ain't easy, Pierce.
This ain't gettin' it done...
This ain't good.
This ain't lookin' good, is it?
This ain't on me, baby.  I like lookin' at the goods when I have company, you know what I'm sayin'?
This always looks easy in movies...
This area is covered in wreckage.  Our recon team.... Rest in peace, comrades.
This beats the hell out of a studio apartment.
This better be right, Jimmy.
This better be worth it.
This better not be more military...
This better not have been a cash up front thing.
This better work, cause right now it sounds ridiculous.
This better work...
This bloody phone is-- oh crap are we still filming?
This can't be good.
This car could use a little tuning.  Let's find a Rim Jobs and get it cleaned up.
This chair you are setting up for me, is it comfortable?
This city's full of businesses and buildings we could snatch up.
This contestant has to be more careful.
This contestant is really starting to get the hang of things.
This contestant just keeps taking the punishment!
This damn thing's possessed!
This did not end well.
This doesn't seem high profile enough.
This elevator will take us to the offices.
This ends here!
This face look like I can pass for a self-righteous prick?
This goddamn phone!  ILLWireless has the worst service.
This guy means business.
This guy play Cricket or something?
This guy's always on camera.
This guy's more self-absorbed than Birk.
This guy's too old to be a Decker.
This guys got a bigger ego than me...
This had better be important, Oleg.
This has all their mobile base locations.
This has been a good day.  We have more, yes?
This has just turned into a lumberjack match from hell!
This has to be done... for Earth.
This how you started out?
This is Commander Temple.  All personnel are to shoot any person looking like me and any Saints with me.
This is Commander Temple.  All units are to find the Saints and take them out.
This is Temple.  I need help on the deck.
This is a fucked up ride.
This is a joke, right?
This is a mutiny, no?
This is a significant gas station, yes?
This is a strange looking place.  Why all the gravestones?
This is a tank we're in, right...?
This is a very useful device.
This is about honor.  My honor.
This is absolutely mental!
This is actually working?!
This is amazing!
This is becoming a performance for the record books!
This is better than regular skydiving.
This is better than talking to my shrink!
This is between me and him.
This is close enough.
This is crazy.
This is embarrassing.
This is gonna be bad for us, isn't it?
This is gonna be good.
This is good Kinzie.
This is how a torpedo does it.
This is how you define love?
This is incredible, the Killbane just can't connect with the Killswitch.
This is it, folks.  Two giants in the field of destruction facing off for our entertainment.  Does it get any better than this?
This is kinda out of the way.
This is like my freshman dorm...
This is like straight out of the future...
This is like watching a non-stop highlight reel!
This is my mom's car, I'll have you know.  It's very reliable.
This is my world to shape as I see fit, not yours.
This is not what the fans want to see.
This is not working.
This is on you, Pierce.
This is one fucked up ride.
This is only a one time deal, sweetie.
This is perfect. With you here, nobody has even glanced at me.
This is really Morningstar's?
This is really amazing shooting!
This is really starting to piss me off.
This is so COOL!
This is so fucking cool!
This is some messed up shit.
This is some serious loot.  Bastards won't go quietly.
This is sure pissing off the Morningstar.
This is taking too long...
This is the greatest piece of machinery I've ever seen.
This is the toughest part of the match!
This is therapeutic.
This is too cool...
This is turning into an exceptional match!
This is unbelievable!
This is weirding me out.
This is what I'm talking about.  Call him on his shit.
This is where STAG ends!
This is why I don't get out much.
This is why my kids are never playing videogames.
This is worse than finding out the Tooth Fairy was just my drunk uncle with a pair of pliers.
This is your thing so your call.
This is your true self; small and insignificant.
This isn't a knock-off, right?
This isn't about that.  I need to fight Killbane myself.
This isn't any better...
This isn't giving me any confidence...
This isn't going as well as I'd hoped.
This isn't going quite as planned.
This isn't gonna last much longer...
This isn't like a gun you can just pick up and shoot.  You need to know how it works, get a feel for it's power, make sure it isn't too much to handle, learn its quirks.
This isn't much better... You trying to tell me something, Kinzie?
This isn't my scene.  When I sell something, it's usually to launder money.  
This isn't right...
This isn't the first time I've flown strange technology.
This isn't working.
This isn't working.  Hold on, I have a secret weapon.  This is guaranteed to work!
This just feels... right.
This just gets better and better...
This just gets better...
This just in. It was shades of the great bootlegger recall of aught 7, as yet another mechanical failure resulted in a fatal mid-air helicopter crash.  Citizens of Steelport, a word of advice: pull over now.  This is Jane Valderamma with a breaking news report.
This look like MY place?
This looks like a warehouse.  They will want this stuff back...
This looks like it.  Buy me the time to shut down this power node.
This looks like the place.
This looks like the right place.
This looks right.
This machine cannot take much more.  I need a new one...
This mask is no longer Killbane's!
This match sure has the contestant on their toes.  The course seems to be giving this Saint a run for the literal money.
This may be the best idea you ever had.
This may be the greatest computer I've ever had my hands on.
This might have enough power to blast through the door...
This must be right.
This must be the where our recon squadron crashed.  I don't see any survivors, though.
This one is unstable.  I must be finding a new aircraft.
This one's for you.
This party is bollocks!
This place is Morningstar?
This place looks surrounded.
This plan isn't working.  We need to think bigger.
This plan of yours has worked pretty well.
This plan of yours is working better than I had hoped.
This player is quite the lightening rod!
This publicity stunt is over.  We have to take you in.
This really isn't a good time.
This really seemed like a better idea earlier on!
This ref is missing easy calls here.
This round just took a turn for the worse.
This script ain't worth it.
This shit all looks the same to me, where's the computer...
This should be easy...
This should be good.
This should be the last of the inventory...
This should... be fun...
This sounded better in my head...
This sounds just like the streets of Steelport outside my window at night.  Puts me right out.  I'd be drifting off right now it it weren't for the Saints Flow I just had.
This tech normal for mercs?
This the cast?
This the real deal?
This the right door?
This the way it always was?
This thing clears a nice path.
