Tell me how to stop the bomb or I'll put a bullet in your fucking head!
Tell me somethin' I don't know, like what happened to me.
Tell me the computer's close, Kinzie.
Tell me there won't be any problems.
Tell me this bee gun will work on Gat.
Tell me what Morningstar was doing here and I might let you live.
Tell me where Zimos is or I'll beat the fuck out of you!
Tell me where Zimos is or I'm gonna beat you stupid...
Tell me where Zimos is or I'm gonna pound your face in--
Tell me where the manager is.
Tell me where to find Zimos, or I will beat the shit out of you.
Tell me which wire defuses the bomb!
Tell me you actually need gas...
Tell me you didn't pay 'em first, Pierce, please!
Tell me you have a way to hurt the morningstar...
Tell me you're almost done.
Tell me you're not taking down the cities power!
Tell that to the actresses who tried to replace you.
Tell.  Me.  What.  Happened.
Thank -- you -- Shaundi!
Thank God. 
Thank god, I need your help.
Thank you Captain Obvious.
Thank you ever so much for saving me!
Thank you sir.
Thank you so much, Mr. Zhen!  I'm glad you...
Thank you, Zach.  Our contestant will have to manuever a giant ball of yarn throughout the city and cause as much damage and mayhem as they can before time runs out.
Thank you...
Thank you...commander.
Thank's, Shaundi.  We'll be back soon... I hope.
Thanks Bobby.  In the deepest, darkest corners of the jungle lives a great warrior.  Protected by fierce traps and mascot bodyguards, she...
Thanks a lot, Kinzie.
Thanks fellas.  Well the leader of the Saints will have to skydive through floating rings for cash.  Balloons are Ethical or Unethical, but either will help keep them in the air.  And rooftops are populated with Genki Mascot teams looking to put a hurtin' on our contestant.
Thanks for leaving these lying around.
Thanks for letting me know.
Thanks for letting me know...
Thanks for not leaving me.  I'm ready to get out of here now.
Thanks for the analogy...
Thanks for the reassurance.
Thanks for the tip. Now let's have a little fun.
Thanks for the update, Shaundi. Now it's time for the Saints to teach them a lesson...
Thanks for the update. We'll be back soon... I hope.
Thanks for watching Genkibowl 7 everybody!  See you next time!
Thanks!
Thanks, Professor...
Thanks, Shaundi.
Thanks, boss.
Thanks, love.
Thanks, playa, I appreciate you bustin' me out.
Thanks.  Now let's get the hell out of here.
That "or something" sounds right.
That I can handle.
That I remember.  But what happened to me?
That I remember.  But why do I feel... strange?
That I vaguely remember.  I mean to me, what happened to me?
That Luchador heading towards that car is Mad Mangler Merle Roberts.
That a shipment of equipment for STAG is headed towards Steelport.
That asshole's gonna trash the Saints on air.
That bad?  You can still get around the city, yes?
That big fucker wasn't normal.
That big guy really doesn't want us to get inside.
That brute is coming off the top!
That could be arranged.
That could be useful.  You're good.
That could have gone better.
That could have gone worse.
That could've been worse...
That coulda gone better.
That couldn't happen to...
That crazy fucker Angel ain't getting me to quit this.
That cuts deep, Pierce.
That does make sense.
That does not include the chessboard.
That does not seem likely...
That doesn't look like a tower, Pierce.
That doesn't make sense.
That doesn't really answer the question.
That don't mean he can walk all over my ass.  Or yours.
That elevator workin' yet, Viola?
That exit has to look awfully tempting right about now.
That explains so much...
That feels good.  We saw some more around here, yes?
That figures.  Hang on!
That finishes the snipers.
That foreign object is just begging to be used...
That fucker's blocking the way!
That fucking coward...
That gas station is important to the Morningstar?
That gonna be enough?
That ground even gettin' closer?
That guy?  I'm sure he'll beg to tell you everything.
That had to feel good, right?
That how fast you can go?
That how you have to win, Miller?
That how you wanna play it, Cyrus?
That hunter doesn't look happy.
That insane asshole's killing real people for a movie!
That is a good start.
That is impossible!
That is my favorite hobby.
That is thoughtful of you.
That isn't working, toss those at her!
That it does, Bobby.  Would you say Angry Tiger's new venue may be wearing on the contestant?
That it?
That just looks painful!
That kid ain't coming.
That kind of mistake can be deadly!
That lunatic has a death wish.
That makes sense.
That makes two of us!
That makes two of us. You think I--what the hell is that?
That makes two.
That must be the boat.
That must be the... what the hell!?
That one had to break some bones.
That one looks good.
That one's some kid in Idaho.
That plane it's...ok, don't freak out or anything, but I think that plane is gonna try to ram us...
That present is about to be fireworks!
That present will soon be fireworks!
That present won't last much longer!
That really continues the greatness that is Genkibowl 7.
That really how you wanna play it?
That really the best place?
That seems to be all of them.
That shit's debatable.
That shit's downstairs.  After you.
That shit's need to know, and you don't.
That shock could reanimate a corpse!
That should buy them more time.
That should do it.
That should do the trick.
That should give us just enough time...
That should help the boys out.
That should leave the gate vulnerable to explosive charges.
That should make things easier..
That should worry me, shouldn't it...
That so?  Who the hell is this?
That society is on the brink of collapse?
That some kind of joke?
That sound like something I'd make up?
That sound will stick with you.
That sounds like a good thing.
That sounds like a must-see event!  Why doesn't he any more?
That sounds like you lost to me.
That the best you can muster, Cyrus?
That the best you got?!
That the cheesiest line you have?
That the last of them?
That triggers the hunter!
That was a clean shot.
That was a helluva match, no doubt about it, Bobby... but if Killbane lands one punch with his ApocaFist it's all over.
That was a nice piece of shooting.
That was a rhetorical question I hope.
That was absolutely perfect!
That was close.  Let's find the ship and get out.
That was close.  We better make sure Gat's alright.
That was cutting it close.  Let's find that ship.
That was easier than I thought.
That was just a bad break.
That was not so bad, now was it.
That was nothing.
That was pointless.
That was pretty harsh back there you know.  Feels good, doesn't it?
That was stupid.
That was the idea, wasn't it?
That was too close.
That was your little protégé, Kia!
That was... unexpected.
That wasn't an answer...
That wasn't me!  I swear!
That wasn't... in the script...
That we could sell lunchboxes and bobbleheads?  Yeah.
That weapon can change the tide of the match...
That what I think you mean?
That will never happpen!
That won't happen, Pierce.  Just trust me.
That worked?!
That works against us, Kinzie...
That would be a mini-gun.
That would be counterproductive.  I just need to check power output there.
That would be risky, Oleg.  This virus could kill more than just our enemies.
That would be... good...
That would make sense.
That would make things too easy.
That'll cause more problems than it's worth.  I'm saying we buy one from the Morningstar.
That'll get the blood boiling!
That'll singe the hair!
That's "I'd say it works, SIR!"
That's 'cause I'm on top of this shit.
That's Jenny, right?
That's Johnny?!
That's Miller talking! God, he will not shut up!
That's a little creepy...
That's a little disturbing...
That's a little personal.
That's a lot of data Kinzie...you really need it all?
That's a lot of potential cash!
That's a lot of talk for someone who thinks they're going to win.
That's a month in the hole for you.
That's a problem... I'm getting... hungry...
That's a real help, Kinzie.
That's a tall order.
That's about all I can take right now.
That's all I wanted.
That's all I'm asking.
That's all you figured out?
That's alright, I'm a good teacher.
That's as brutal as it can get right there, Bobby!
That's better.
That's better.  Let's finish the scene then land this damn thing.
That's bollocks!  Nobody could have hit that.
That's cause I got nothin' to hide.
That's cheating! I hit the damned button!
That's clever.
That's cold.
That's coming out of your paycheck!
That's exciting, no? Makes you feel full of life, like attacking a tiger with a knife...
That's fine.  No pressure.
That's foul.
That's funny, cause I thought you were great.
That's getting too far to control.
That's going to cost some valuable seconds.
That's going to hurt in the morning.
That's good to know.
That's good work today.
That's gotta feel better, right?
That's gotta hurt to get hit with!
That's great, can we worry about the Deckers now?
That's great. Now put it on and let's get out.
That's half of them, right?
That's hilarious.
That's how we like it.
That's it then.  You hungry?
That's it!  I'm not reading any more power to the chair.
That's it, Cornell.  All three terminals are gone.
That's it, I'm tapped into all three sites now.
That's it, that's Killbane's plane.
That's it, they did it!
That's it.  I quit.
That's it.  Time we were movin' on.
That's just great...
That's mental.  She wouldn't do that.
That's more like it.
That's my girls!  Bet they're havin' all kinds of fun.
That's no-
That's not a bad idea.
That's not a bad thought...
That's not fair.
That's not going to make the Professor happy.
That's not in the script.
That's not right, Jimmy!
That's not too smart.
That's not what I'm here for.
That's on you to figure out, baby.  I'd rather not know.
That's one Decker who'll never be able to show his face again.
That's one word for it. And it's landing where?
That's one.  Two more to go.
That's pretty cool.
That's right Zach, and they're going to have a lot more if this Genkibowl lead holds up.
That's right Zach.  We've just received word that Professor Genki has decided, in honor of Genkibowl 7, to make a public appearance on the streets of Steelport!
That's right!
That's right, Bobby.  And I hear there's new things in store for our mascots!
That's right, Burt's countin' on me.
That's right, Zach.  And today's show brings with it a very special surprise.  Professor Genki's very own Genki Girl, Sexy Kitten, has designed a brand new game for our contestant to play.
That's right, Zach.  There are no free rides against the Walking Apocalypse.
That's right, catch.
That's right, come and capture the Saints leader.  I am all alone.  Don't let me escape...
That's right, don't let him take off!
That's right, keep following me assholes...
That's right, keep going.
That's right, run!
That's right, you fuckers!  We're comin' for you!
That's right, you got this.
That's right.
That's right.  How hard can that be?
That's right.  Meet me at the airport.
That's right...come to papa...
That's some great action!
That's some rotten luck.
That's some skill our contestant is showing today, Zach.
That's surprising.
That's the park... now to clear it out a bit.
That's the real question, isn't it...  Well, that's good timing.  Hold on, Oleg.
That's the sort of shit you don't need to take.
That's the stupid... No, I'm not even going there.
That's the tricky part... the Luchadores are attacking him at the gym right now, you should probably hurry before he gets killed.
That's the way to break a target!
That's too bad, Shaundi was really lookin' forward to seeing you.
That's two terminals.
That's very nice of you.
That's was an amazing performance to watch.
That's what I like to see!
That's what I love about you, girl!
That's what I said, wasn't it?
That's what I want to hear.
That's what I wanted to hear.
That's what I'm here for, right?
That's what I'm sayin'.  I'm down for pussy, not getting shot at.
That's what I'm talkin' about.
That's what I'm tryin' to tell you.
That's what Shaundi said...
That's what the fans pay to see!
That's what you do at these things.
That's what you're worried about? If your ass is going to be comfy?
That's where I had my first... um, on second thought, that one's kinda personal.
That's where I used to score weed.
That's why I count on you, hon.
That's why I'm here.
That's your problem, Bloody Cannoness.
That's... a lot of tanks.
That's... a really good question, we should move.
That's... convenient...
That's... good.
That's... good... Fix... Good...
That's... not good.
That's... really smart actually.
That's...a little extreme.
That's...very progressive for a pimp.
That... could be  a problem.
That... doesn't look possible.
That... is the most beautiful sight I've ever laid eyes on.
That... kinda looked fun.
That... sounds like a good idea... Let's hurry...
That... was not his voice.
The 3 Count Casino.
The Butcher, getting some help from the fans...
The Cathedral... the place with all the pipes?  I think this looks like a trap...
The Cathredral.  You mean that place with the tubes that is screaming "I'm a fucking trap!"?
The Commander Temple below deck is an imposter.  Shoot him on sight.
The Daedalus is dead, Cyrus.  Now it's your turn.
The DeWynters are the twin sisters that run prostitution in Steelport.  Zimos was their competition, so the sisters locked him up.
The Deckers are a bigger problem than we thought.  I need something to stop them.
The Deckers are a problem, Kinzie.
The Deckers are loading my computer in the garage.  Get. Moving.
The Deckers are our problem, and you just said...
The Deckers are part of the goth-cyberpunk crowd, not the cyber nerds.  Different group altogether.  Like confusing a baseball player with a football player.
The Deckers are raiding Planet Saints, and seems they've paid the cops to look the other way.  We gotta take care of the problem ourselves.
The Deckers.  Who else have I been hacking... wait, don't answer that.
The Kremlin Gambit is a classic...
The Luchadores are on the side of the ring again.
The Luchadores use Rusty's Needle as a front for distributing their steroids.  I heard a big shipments' coming through there right about now.
The Mad Mangler is about to retire. 
The Mayor is really that formidable?
The Morningstar are running this place?
The Morningstar are shipping in women from overseas.  You get to the docks in time you might be able to intercept it.  Your call.
The Morningstar are still a pain in my ass.  Why don't we just drop every one we see?
The Morningstar are trying to kidnap my sister for one of their whore-houses!  You gotta help me, please!
The Morningstar had a nice setup.
The Morningstar have a penthouse downtown where they're throwing some big party for their global contacts...
The Morningstar have a shipment of girls in one of those containers. 
The Morningstar own's a lot of shit.
The Morningstar owned all of this?
The Morningstar wanna buy the girls back.
The Morningstar want to buy their girls back.
The Morningstar want you dead, so doubt it.
The Morningstar wants to pay for the girls.
The Morningstar wants to re-purchase our little tarts.
The Morningstar will see Saints stuff everywhere they look.
The Morningstar won't lay back and let you steal their customers.
The Morningstar's gun store?  Yeah, I've heard of it.
The RC gun.  You'll need it to take control of the Luchadores' vehicles.
The Saints Flow must be wearing off.  I thought it would last at least an hour, but you're burning through the power too fast.  You'll have to stop.
The Saints Flow you drank when you got here had been irradiated by my homemade particle accelerator.  I intended to drink it myself, but seeing as I owed you for all this trouble I gave it to you.
The Saints are known for unethical shooting...
The Saints beat out everyone in their way to get to the top.  Don't take shit from anyone.  You stick with me, you'll see how it's done.
The Saints can't be happy with that one.
The Saints capo is having no trouble with this arena.
The Saints didn't get to the top by lettin' people piss all over us.  You wanna see how it's done, you stick by me.
The Saints have an opportunity to take the Morningstar's shipment of FOB girls.  No offense.
The Saints realized they had no idea where to continue the search.  But then...
The Saints save the day again...
The Saints will be downstairs until you can unlock the elevator for them to come up.
The Saints would be ratings gold for FUZZ!  Stir up trouble for the cops at our filming location, and we'll cut you a slice of the profit.
The Syndicate doesn't have the pull to organize something on this scale...
The alien's secret enforcer.  Isn't she great!
The arena is providing plenty of pain.
The arena is shaking.  The hunter must be loose!
The atmosphere in here is electric!
The bees will work on Gat, right?
The bees.  Will they work on Gat?
The bigger the better.
The boat has torpedoes?
The body of Mr. Gat will be a message for all who oppose The Syndicate.  There is no mercy...only death.  Don't mourn your friend.  You'll be joining him soon.
The bomb's set and the clock's ticking...
The bonus targets are sure taking some hits.
The boss won't leave without the bomb!
The building is just over this bridge.
The chair's still pulling power from the system, I don't get it.
The champion cannot be happy with that one, Zach.
The charge again...
The chessboard doesn't count...
The chopper should be here soon, we just gotta hold out a little longer.
The city is falling apart.  Fights everywhere.
The cockpit is now gone.  I need a new plan...
The cockpit is, uh...gone.
The cockpit's kinda... gone.
The company that makes them is seriously bad news.  If you'd rather a corrupt, sinister organization keep making money...
The connection doesn't seem right...
The contestant could probably use a stiff drink after that one.
The contestant has to be watching those targets!
The contestant is absolutely on fire!
The contestant is having a kick ass run so far!
The contestant is really hitting those bonus targets hard!
The controls are all fucked up.  What happened?
The controls aren't responding!
The corners.  You bend that shit, the value goes down.
The costume's working, Viola.  They are too busy drooling to be shooting us.
The crew got the address... right?
The crew's holding back, right?  I don't want the giant bomb near a firefight.
The crib's gonna be safest.
The crowd's getting too close to the stage, you gotta keep them back.
The day Josh Birk doesn't want to be on camera is the day I stop waxing.
The documents we got with those keys gave up a whole lot.
The door is op-!
The door to the rest of the base is locked.
The excitement of the crowd and the realization they will finally find their friend put the group in high spirits.  Pierce's singing would work, just as the invention by yours truly had kept the fans at bay.  With the strength of their leader guiding them all, there was nothing to fear.  As they drove, they thought of all the good they will accomplish together.
The exit is open and the hunter is loose!
The extra clips... Perhaps I could shove... Or...
The floors... why are they vibrating?
The freight elevator, give me the code.
The fuck did you come from?
The fuck have you been?  You know what, I don't care.  I'm not letting your negativity infect me.  Alright, we're rolling!  Aaaand... EXCELSIOR!
The fuck kinda plane is that?
The fun is over, Pierce.  We are clear.
The gate is blown!  We're stormin' across the bridge!
The gate is down!  We are storming the bridge!
The gate must come down.
The grenades, on the ground, use them!
The gunfire isn't tipping you off?
The guys know where they're going, right?
The heart wants what it can't have... and fate is a cruel mistress.
The helicopter went down, and he took the credit.  
The hell did all these guys come from?
The hell is wrong with this dude?
The hell they transporting?
The hell was that?
The hell you doing here?
The hell you talking about?
The hell's wrong with the controls?
The human body is nothing to be ashamed of, unless you have... insecurities.
The intel's good. Do whatever you want with it.
The last terminal is shut down.
The less questions you ask, the better.
The less things shooting at me, the better.
The light on the helicopter.  Shine it on the van.
The manager is gone.  Too bad.
The manager's upstairs, he'd know!  Just hit me!  I've been bad!
The manager, where is he?
The match is over, and the contestant came out on top once again!
The mayor is asking for the Saints' help.  I told him we'd meet to discuss it.
The mayor is one of the most powerful men in Steelport.  Don't just dismiss him.
The mayor needs our help.
The mayor of Steelport.
The money's too good right now, Z.  Sorry man.
The more charges, the better.
The more we take from the Syndicate the better...
The more you let him, the more he'll keep being an ass.  Don't let that happen.
The navigation computer must have them listed.
The next device shouldn't be far.
The next important piece of equipment.
The ones known as STAG were planning to raid this very penthouse.  With my liberation into the arms of my...
The pain you felt is only the beginning.  You ready for the next test?
The panda suit allows the contestant to fly forward faster than normal, keeping them up for a longer time.
The party is not the same without you Shaundi.
The people dying below is on you and your "Saints".
The pilots got this shit locked tight.
The pilots have the door locked.
The police are always in our shit, and we can't get nothin' done!  Maybe you can thin them out a bit.
The power of raw blunt trauma is just laying on the mat!
The present countdown is almost up!
The present is now in play!
The present just appeared in the arena.
The range is limited on that remote.
The red wire! Cut the red wire!
The routers are down.
The routers are shut down.
The second terminal is disabled.
The shoot's up on seven.  Nyte Blayde is already practicing.
The sooner the better.
The sooner we're done with this scene, the sooner I can go home and let off some steam.
The stop is what I'm worried about.
The store's a front for the Morningstar, we're hoping its got info on Loren.
The strength of him!  It is incredible!
The stripper?
The tank's not looking so hot...
The target was executed perfectly!
The truck's on it's way out the door and there's Deckers everywhere.
The uh... Cockpit's gone.  Plan B!
The way you and Shaundi are always at it, I could see her--
The zombies could help a little...
Their minds will be taken over, and they will be forced to obey the invaders' every command.
Then I guess we have to make it happen.
Then I have faith in you, Kwilanna.
Then I say we give them a big welcome.
Then I will cause accidental havoc.
Then I'll cover you, Kwilanna.
Then I'll feel bad for like two whole minutes.
Then I'll just have to get on the plane.
Then I'm gonna make a killing on those signed copies of Nyte Blayde.
