I am.
I appreciate us never talkin' about it again.
I approve of this, Z.
I been helpin' you out, right?  Humor me.
I bet you'd be into some nasty shit if you tried it.
I bet...
I better get movin'.  Keep Morningstar off my ass.
I better have heard that wrong.
I call chips 'fries'!
I call shenanigans on this, Zach.  With a contestant as deadly with a firearm as the leader of the Saints in Genkibowl this year, they're just looking for a way to get out before facing their impending death.
I called in reinforcements for you guys.
I can accept that.  Welcome to the Saints, Oleg.
I can do it!
I can do that.  Where are you driving to?
I can fly in hover or jet mode?  This machine was built for me!
I can handle that.  Where are we going?
I can hear them.
I can probably come up with somethin'.  When do you want this by?
I can see another wall now.
I can see some of our passengers are getting restless.  Here's some relaxing music for your enjoyment.
I can see this being entertaining.
I can shoot one at a time.
I can slow Gat down with the bees, right?
I can take this.  Angel ain't getting me to back down.
I can track Gat on my device here.  Just keep us safe, alright.
I can vouch for that.
I can' t concentrate if my butt falls asleep!
I can't be takin' care of business if I'm made of porcelin!
I can't believe I have to listen to this...
I can't believe I was worried about these clowns...
I can't believe him!  We both broke character, yet apparently I'M wrong when I do it!
I can't believe it!
I can't believe someone's organized a pro-Syndicate rally downtown!  You gonna put a stop to that shit or what?
I can't believe that worked...
I can't believe this shit...
I can't believe you launched that guy into a statue!
I can't believe you're still thinking about it.
I can't blame the pilot this time.
I can't do my thing if I got no pussy to sell.  The money won't come quick, but you bet it'll come.
I can't do this if I'm dead you know.
I can't get into any of the systems on that airship. I'll keep trying, but no promises.
I can't get into every place the Deckers have their little networks.  Too many secure locations.
I can't get up to you, Pierce.  I don't see a way.
I can't help it the rest of the world treats the Saints right.
I can't imagine the pain that Saint is in.
I can't rob an armory, I have an immunity challenge to run.
I can't tell one thing from the other.  Where's the bloody computer?
I can't understand why.
I can't wait.
I collect glass unicorns!
I could do that again.  You know any other spots?
I could do this for hours!
I could get behind that.
I could get used to this...
I could have been at home on my computer, but noooo...someone suggested I "grow as a person"...
I could have handled a cloned Gat.  But a rampaging clone of Gat?  This is gonna need something bigger.
I could have killed you a dozen times.  I let you live to humiliate you here.
I could kiss you on the mouth.
I could never let Burt down.
I could use a stewardess or three...
I could use some arms, at least...
I could've sworn I hit the button....
I demand to know who is calling!
I did it just like the last one!  What's wrong with that?
I did not plan to ask them for permission.
I did not think I was that high up...
I did... 
I didn't get a master's in economics to look like a slut.
I didn't have this exactly planned, ok...
I didn't know you could fly, Angel.
I didn't notice you jumping behind the wheel.
I didn't say that, it's all yours.
I didn't sell anything, that's all you.
I didn't think Killbane would try something this subtle.
I didn't think the Morningstar would make it so easy on us..
I dig.  Let's meet up and do a little hunting around town.
I do like always... blow 'em all up.
I do not abandon my people.
I do not fail my planet. 
I do not have time for this!
I do not know this man.  He's Phillipe's henchman?
I do not think you answered my question...
I don't appreciate that kind of negativity...
I don't blame you.
I don't care for explanations, just results.
I don't care if it works or not, I'm not making going out like this a habit.
I don't care what he's on...we gotta deal with him quick...
I don't care who he is, you shouldn't take shit like that from anyone.
I don't do pub food.
I don't do threats.  I do guarantees.
I don't even know what this is.
I don't expect a chuckle-fuck like you to appreciate good writing.
I don't feel so great...
I don't get it.
I don't have arms.
I don't have insurance on this thing.
I don't have much time so listen carefully.  There's a container of girls being brought into Steelport by ship to replace the ones Morningstar lost raiding the Saints.  I've sent you which ship they're on.
I don't have much time.  Take the information or leave it, but I'm trying to help you.
I don't have time for these bastards...
I don't have time for this, Jimmy.
I don't imagine the Morningstar will be happy about this.
I don't know -- that was the problem.
I don't know about you...but I'm comfortable with what I'm wearing.
I don't know anything, I'm just here for a bachelor party!
I don't know how you managed it, Agent Kensington, but it doesn't matter.  I am God in my domain!
I don't know if that's such a good idea...
I don't know if we have time for that.  Not with STAG...
I don't know what it means... but maybe I can find out.  Hold on, Oleg.
I don't know what you're working on because you never tell me.
I don't know why I'm surprised...
I don't know why they even bother...
I don't know, but he said there's a problem that STAG's dragging their feet on so hes looking for outside contractors...
I don't know, but we better check it out.
I don't know, motherfucker, how does it feel?
I don't know, why ask me?  Talk to Kinzie or Oleg.
I don't know... quit asking so many questions!
I don't know... threaten them?
I don't leave anyone behind.
I don't leave my crew to die.
I don't leave people to die.
I don't like it when helicopters crash while I'm in them, Kinzie.
I don't like what I'm hearin' from that crate.
I don't make threats, mate.  I makes promises.
I don't need a plane to kill you Cyrus!
I don't need any help there.
I don't need to know what that magic is...
I don't normally do this, but I guess I'll make an exception.
I don't remember this in the script.
I don't see a reason to stop.
I don't see that button on the dashboard...
I don't see us blowing up a fucking city!
I don't take gettin' told what to do well.  Thought you'd have figured that out by now.
I don't tell you how to hack, you don't tell me how to fly an attack chooper.
I don't think it is, come on.
I don't think our player saw that one!
I don't think she wants to hear the details of your sex life, Shaundi.
I don't think so.
I don't think these guys are on anyone's side.
I don't think they want us here!
I don't think they're just targeting us.
I don't think they're letting up.
I don't think this is working too well.
I don't think this tank can take much more.
I don't think you can be a radio...
I don't think you should...
I don't think...
I don't want that little bastard beating me again.
I don't want to arrest you, it won't solve anything.  People need to wake up and see the threat that scum like you are to innocent people.  Once you blow up the Magarac Island the whole world will see your true colors.
I don't want to know how that's made...
I don't want you to fight Killbane
I don't... oh, I hadn't considered that.  Try not to die.
I doubt it'll be that simple.
I doubt it.  Besides, what would you do with that thing anyway?
I doubt they ever even had a license.
I drive around, make it look like I'm doin' dirt, and you kill the bitches that show up...
I dunno man, that's like wearing the band's t-shirt to the concert.
I dunno man, the bottle with a rag concept is hard to wrap my mind around...
I dunno, but it kinda turns me on...
I dunno, death's pretty shitty too.
I escort you two prisoners to the brig, we find Shaundi, then we escape.
I feel like I've been here before...
I feel like I've seen this before...
I feel naked without a gun.
I feel ridiculous.
I felt the charge on that one!
I got Birk, just jump!
I got a little excited.
I got her!
I got here first, Kinzie, and I don't let my people down.  Just relax.
I got it!  We better get up those stairs, and quickly!
I got my people out watchin' the corners, lettin' me know where the bitches are.
I got no fucking clue...
I got people to do that for you.  Just need help deliverin' the advertisements to them.
I got this, keep moving.
I got too much ridin' on this to screw up.
I got ya, Gat.  It's ok... oh shit!
I got you, big guy.
I gotcha.
I gotta read this shit?  Come on Kinzie, how do I get out?
I gotta start thinking through these plans.
I gotta tell you, Pierce, this was a good idea.
I gotta try this out.
I guess there's no escaping the truth here: sharks and mascots are truly star-crossed lovers.
I hacked the security feed.
I had picked up on that, yes.
I hate that asshole.
I hate that shit!
I hate this guy....
I hate this place more than anyone but it would be folly to destroy Phillipe's research without seeing what we can harvest from it.
I hate this thing...
I hate those things!
I hate to admit it Bobby, but your right... the ApocaFist is a devistating weapon that could only be legal in MurderBrawl...
I hate turbulence...
I hate you right now.
I hate you.
I have a better idea.  Let me.
I have an irrational fear of bees!
I have got to get me one of these...
I have my moments...
I have no bloody idea where we are.
I have no idea what you're talking about.
I have not seen technology like this before.  It might work.
I have something to offer the Saints which may help, if you'd give me a chance.
I have the perfect tool for the job, courtesy of STAG.
I have to agree, Bobby.  You know it looks like fear is getting the better of them.
I have to get you to sign off on some R&D first...but after that I can obey the chain of command.
I have to try before he kills Pierce.
I have you covered.  The Deckers will never know what hit them.
I have.  It's overrated.
I haven't finished your avatar yet.  That one's just temporary.
I haven't seen shooting like this in years!
I hear 'em.
I hear him!  He must be at the other Planet Saints!  We have to hurry!
I hear that.
I hear them!
I hear ya!
I hear ya, Z.
I hear ya.
I hear ya...  Listen, how about you and me roll around the city and see what Steelport has to offer?
I hear ya... I'm more of a Stilwater bloke m'self.
I hear you.  Stilwater was pretty rough for a time.  We could have used you then.
I heard how Ms. DeWynter helped the Saints.
I heard last time the crowds were ablaze with excitement, literally.  Some people left with third degree burns.
I heard over the radio there's load roars coming from Planet Saints.  I'll be on the phone with you the whole way.
I helped you hurt the Morningstar, didn't that prove to you I'm a woman of my word?
I hit the goddamn button...
I hope Viola is recording this shit.
I hope it's a cooking event, because after this all I can think about are delicious panda dogs!  I am starving, Zach.
I hope paramedics are standing by.
I hope she's worth the hassle.
I hope so.  If they don't, Pierce is in trouble.
I hope stopping at a strip club is related to the Deckers.
I hope the Saints have good health insurance.
I hope the audience brought some paper bags, Bobby. It is raining blood!
I hope the money is worth this.
I hope they stick to the plan.  Everything must be ready before I return...
I hope you don't feel like the tiger training was wasted.
I hope you guys are moving fast, this door isn't gonna hold much longer...
I hope you have a plan, we're losing people down here.
I hope you were happy with the information I gave you.
I hope you're joking...
I imagine those are real crowd pleasers in Steelport.
I just do what I did last time, right?
I just drive through stuff, right?
I just hope this wasn't a waste of time.
I just saw a whole bunch of those Morningstar guys go into Friendly Fire.  They were talking about going after the Saints!
I just spoke with one of the mascot trainers and he expressed his apprehension at the new format created by Angry Tiger.
I just wanna watch you burn...
I keep shooting 'till they're all dead.
I kinda feel like an asshole now...
I knew splittin' up wasn't a good idea.
I knew this was going too well.
I knew this was the right way...
I knew this wouldn't be easy, but Jesus...
I know I just... really wanted to punch him.
I know I'm good.
I know a lot about the Deckers.
I know a thing or two about that.
I know about the helicopter.
I know every curve, every color, every mark on this mask.
I know everything.
I know he is, we--wait, how do you know where we are?
I know he's--wait how do you know where we are?
I know he's... how do you know I'm outside?
I know tha--wait... how'd you locate me?
I know this player can shoot better than that!
I know this thing can go faster!
I know what I said.
I know you can clear this.  You are just trying to make worry, yes?
I know you're pissed off at life right now, but do you have to take everything so literal?
I know, I heard on the police scanner they have you trapped inside.  I have a way to track Gat!  Just wait there.
I know, I know.  But I can make it up to you.
I know, I'm at the docks.  Come here fast.
I know, I'm pretty good at this sort of thing.
I know, but I needed some time with this.
I know, but you're always pissed off, our girl's not as crazy as you.
I know, it's just... damn!
I know, must be some deadbeat...
I know.  Ain't no point the girl bein' so far away like that.  Can't see the goods.
I know.  Anyway, the FBI cyber crime division assigned me to the Deckers case.  Once I got too close Matt Miller came for me.
I know.  It's starting to annoy me.
I know.  She is everything I could want, but my heart cannot let go of Xavier.  I am torn between them...
I left the message with Kinzie.  Guess you called me first.
I like how he thinks...
I like it.  We will make a stand here.
I like men.
I like revenge.  We should do it more often.
I like the confidence.
I like the sound of merchandise that needs reloading.
I like the way you think.
I like this one.
I like to live in the moment.
I look convincing enough like this?
I look like I'd go to one of those clubs?
I love discounts.
I love it when a plan comes together.
I love it when plan B comes together.
I love it when they play hard to get...
I love setting off fireworks!
I love technology!
I love the smell of ozone in the arena.
I love this!
I love to see a contestant go for the huge cash!
I love you too, Kinzie.
I made the clone on my own.  Did you not think I, Jimmy Torbitson, have other wonderful toys in my arsenal?
I march your asses to the brig, we grab Shaundi, we get the hell out.
I may get road rage out here, but where's the fear?
I mean right now.  What's going on RIGHT NOW.  You have no idea, do you?
I mean, it better not be shit like some of R&D's inventions.
I mean, it's so tacky.  And that carpet... ugh!
I mean... Thanks.
I meant... just me.
I met this clown.  He's probably on set doing "lion face, lemon face" right now.
I must have one.
I need a bath.
I need a new hobby.
I need a new plane...
I need hand sanitizer.
I need one of these.
I need some help gettin' my trade going, you know?  Gettin' the word out.
I need some help over here!
I need support!
I need to be the one to finish Killbane.
I need to bring anything?
I need to find Zimos!
I need to keep moving...
I need you to help me locate...
I needed a gun when I got here.
I needed to find new ways to challenge and train myself.
I never would have pegged you for an Aisha fan, sir.
I noticed.
I picked up on that.
I picked up somethin' from STAG that can do the job.
I plan on asking them.
I plan on finding out.
I power-leveled your cycle to be able to blow past any security block the Decker users put up.
I probably said to much...let's not talk about this ever again.
I really couldn't care.
I really gotta stop doing this shit...
I really hate you both right now.
I remember that.  I mean what happened to me?
I said DON'T use the tank!
I said almost.
I said nap...
I saw Morningstar settin' up on rooftops on my way here.  Let's hope that ain't about us.
I saw some Deckers messing with the cable lines a couple blocks over... said they were gonna hack 'the Saints' book', whatever that is. Thought there may be a reward for the tip?
I saw you putting sugar in my gas tank last night.
I say it's time to leave!
I say we just kill him.
I see 'em.
I see Deckers.
I see aircraft coming in.
I see another wall! 
I see him! Over there!
I see how it is... make me go first.
I see it, I see it...
I see my ex's place.  Take it down over there.
I see the present, Zach!
I see them.
I see what you mean...
I see why Morningstar hates you.
I see you made it through the final test.
I see.  This could get complicated.
I seem to have a distinct lack of arms.
I sent you the location of the machine you need to use.
I seriously didn't need to know about this...
I seriously hope so.
I should ask you.
I should be able to blow it up.
I should be so lucky...
I should get out while I can.
I should have called that one...
I should probably look into that.  The point is: Angel hates Killbane more than you do... he should be willing to help.
I should send this to Pierce with a 'From your secret admirer' card.
I should slap that face right off you.
I should steal military hardware more often...
I should take you and this gas station out.
I shoulda listened to Shaundi...
I shouldn't be surprised...
I shouldn't have eaten first...
I simply think one must question her motives.
I smell burning hair...
I still need your help to prepare.
I still see a power cord.
I suggest a nice, hot bath.  Or drive through a crowded street doing 100 miles per hour.  Both are good stress relief.
I suppose that'll work.
I suppose you have a point.
I suppose you're right, that's very fitting for the events that happen at the behest of the Professor.
I swear I'm the real Commander Temple!
I swear to god I'm going to kill him.
I take back everything I ever said about you...
I take back what I said.
I take it "saddle up" is out too?
I take you as prisoners to the brig, we find Shaundi, then we escape.  Simple.
I texted him.  He's bringing the crew.
I thank you.
I thank you.  Shall we leave now?
I think I broke my leg... Get in there and kick that bastard's ass... I can hold off these jobbers.
I think I can bypass the magnetic lock.
I think I got enough out of it...
I think I know someone who'd help but I gotta find him first.  I'll call you when I have a location.
I think I know what to do by now.
I think I see the car.
I think I'll pass on that suggestion. Let's go.
I think I'm seeing why the Morningstar are afraid of you.
I think Tammy can fill us in on that.  Tammy?
I think The Clubber is about to throw his last party.
I think after this you need your own Planet Saints to run.
I think another stop should drive the point home.
I think he kinda involved me when he framed the saints for attacking Stilwater
I think he might hit a few people...
I think he'll get the message.
I think it best for our friendship I never elaborate.  Just know that the enemy of your enemy is your friend.  As long as you oppose the Syndicate you have nothing to fear from me.
I think it's a safe bet it'll be worth it.
I think it's the Genki Girls the Mayor is more interested in.
I think it's time to go.
I think our contestant isn't paying attention down there...
I think people would pay to do this.
I think she and her employer held me captive while harvesting my DNA.
I think she's learning.
I think so.  Come by my place, I'll fill you in.
I think so...
I think that plane is heading straight for us. So... uh... don't freak out.
I think that's a little harsh.
I think that's all of 'em.
I think that's on you, Pierce.
I think the Morningstar are aware that we're moving in now.
I think the Morningstar got the message we're around.
I think there was a point being made.
I think there's a Let's Pretend on the way to the arena...
I think they will get over it.
I think this is more fitting.  Wouldn't you agree?
I think this must be the fire... Kinzie!  What happened?
I think we are about to find out.
I think we can move on.
I think we could utilize this virus to fight our enemies.  All we need is a sample before you destroy it all.
I think we have been set up.  We walked right into an ambush!
I think we might have some trouble.
I think we should be able to bring them down.
I think we'll need to do a little more than kill one guy to do that.
I think we're in for some turbulence.
I think you are making them mad.
I think you can find a way.
I think you will owe Shaundi flowers.
I think you'd have to be naive to believe a giant like Killbane hasn't thrown in a few punches outside the ropes, Bobby.
I think you're just lucky.
I think you're wasting time on shit like your action figure collection...
I think your gravestones are fake.  You have never killed anyone, have you?
I think... yeah, I'm pretty sure that plane is gonna hit us.  Just stay calm and don't freak out.
I thought Shaundi was helping you with this?
I thought that was your plan?
I thought there was a police station around here...
I thought this was the place though?
I thought this was your party.
I thought we had a plan.
I thought we were going to some other planet in this film for a second.
I thought you just got a new flat...
I thought you just said "van".
I thought you said we WANTED fans.
I thought you would never finish!
I thought you'd be with Viola by now.  She mentioned something about a STAG air-convoy.
I told him to be careful.
I told him we'd meet to discuss the problem.
I told you STAG has tanks.
I told you no previous Genkibowl would compare here, Zach.
I told you to keep your thoughts to yourself.
I told you!
I told you, Oleg is supposed to be calling with the...
I totally agree.
I totally said the same thing.  It's a store.
I trained him, taught him how to fight, how to work a crowd...
I understand, sir.
I usually end up doing that anyway when I'm on the road.
I wanna get out there and... dammit, let go of me!
I want Killbane.
I want all units checking in with command.
I want eyes on the target at all times.
I want roadblocks set up.
I want this in my next car.
I want to make love with Pierce in front of a live studio audience!
I want you to go out and experience the heat that a fight with Killbane would bring.
I was always the favorite, he could never get over.  It drove him mad.
I was doubting our merchandise.  We aren't exactly pushing quality here.
I was gettin' tired of drivin' anyway.
I was going to call you with some information on a STAG aircraft convoy heading towards Steelport.
I was gonna ask you the same thing!
I was gonna say "girl".
I was just asking...
I was just gettin' warmed up.
I was just getting started!
I was poked and proded for years by Loren's scientists, so spare me about your "discomfort".
I was speaking speculatively.  Right now I still have to crack a few databases.
I was supposed to have a quiet night in...
I was thinking the same thing.
I was thinking the same thing.  Come to the Broken Shillelagh.  We can all talk there.
I was thinking we would use the tank.
I was thinking, Kinzie did a pretty good job with that Matt Miller thing.
I was wondering if you had any ideas on the Morningstar.
I wasn't serious, Pierce.
I wasn't serious. You know that, right?
