Let's go make some house calls.
Let's go people!
Let's go, Shaundi.
Let's go, everyone!
Let's go, troops!  Move it!
Let's go.  We'll be safe at our crib.
Let's grab a STAG transport, soldiers.
Let's grab a ride and figure out where we are.
Let's have a little chat, then...
Let's have us a little chat, then...
Let's hear that singing, Pierce.
Let's hear those Aisha songs, Pierce.
Let's hit another place.
Let's hit the rest of these.  What's left?
Let's hope he ain't color blind then.
Let's hope that's true.
Let's hope the front's clear.
Let's hope they see it that way.
Let's hope this works...
Let's hope we get to see some bludgeoning...
Let's hope you're right.
Let's just find the off switch and get out of here.
Let's just finish this scene so we can get the hell away from Zhen.
Let's kill the rest of these motherfuckers and call it a day.
Let's load these hos up then and get the hell outta here.
Let's make 'em think I'm casing the docks up here.
Let's meet up, then I'll tell you the details.
Let's move!
Let's move! Everyone to the roof!
Let's not get crazy.
Let's not get into an argument over who paid who to stab someone.  That's ridiculous. The point is this, Bobby: The Walking Apocalypse is at the top of his game.
Let's not keep them waiting.
Let's not stick around!
Let's pick this up another time.  Gotta work on my technique.
Let's pray to god this works...
Let's put a bullet in that sonofabitch.
Let's say hello to our old friend Jane...
Let's say these final lines and get off this damn ship.
Let's see if I can get their attention...
Let's see if the Butcher gets up.
Let's see if those banners are flame retardant...
Let's see who saves Steelport now!
Let's ship their stock of computers and parts to third world countries.
Let's split up.  I'll start clearing the way while you hit those containers.
Let's stop at this Rim Jobs first.  The Deckers use it to tune their cars.
Let's take it with and find out...
Let's take what we can from the Syndicate then.
Let's try spinning.  That's a good trick.
Lets find a STAG transport to fly out there.
Life's short, Commander, you don't wanna let a girl like that go.
Like I always say, pussy's big business in this town.
Like I said, should have been more careful.
Like I said...
Like does it have padding?
Like hell he is!
Like hell it is.  You chose to fire on the city.
Like hell we're sticking to the script...
Like hell you didn't.  I heard that... that THING!  He said he was Johnny Gat.  I read the papers, he's a Saint.
Like hell you're finding my crew...
Like hell.  You started this mess.
Like my mum always said: Molotovs solve everything.
Like sticking a fork in a socket!
Like that's gonna help his ass.
Like the addition of sharks to the line-up.
Like they're gonna stop us.
Like this?  There is a small army on this boat!
Like what?
Like you say, this is Steelport.
Like you've ever dealt with a zombie before.
Listen big boy, I don't see you running around with a horsetail up your ass...
Listen carefully stupid bag of shit...
Listen carefully.  There's a boat pulling in soon with a cargo container full of girls; the Morningstar's new merchandise.  I send you the details, you hit the boat.
Listen lad--I call you what I want.  And if you think I give one flyin fu--
Listen up you son of a bitch...
Listen up you tubby wad of goo--
Listen up, ladies!  To get off this ship, you must be getting in that box!
Listen you fat piece of shit.  You ha...
Listen, I ain't found a good target yet.
Listen, I'm trusting you because of your affiliation with my goddess.  The information affects you all.
Listen, buttercup.  I want details on what happened here, got it.
Listen, motherfucker, you know that tape is bullshit...
Listen, we're doin' this for him.  He'd want that, right?
Listen, you better start talking.  What happened here?
Listen, you can't fight Kilbane.
Listen: I'm really sorry.  Please, PLEASE don't let this ruin our relationship.  This is 100 percent the casting director's fault.  I swear.
Listening to the sage-like advice of their intelligent and trusted friend, they raced over to the local strip joint ready to deal with a full police investigation.  But when they arrived...
Little bit more now...
Little busy here, I'm getting to it!
Little help from up there might be nice.
Little help here?
Little help'd be nice!
Little more cover'd be nice.
Little too close...
Long as he lays off me, yeah.
Long time.  He was there when I first joined the Saints.
Long. Met him when I first became a Saint. 
Look Out!
Look around you, Kia.  Terrorism is your game, not mine.
Look around.  I don't think these guys are being picky about which gang they're shooting at.
Look at all this shit.  No way they're givin' this up without a fight.
Look at everythin' we've done for this film.  You're a natural at it and still here followin' me.
Look at the brutality from the Butcher!
Look at the size of that guy!
Look at this fucking thing!
Look at this, the Stilwater Butcher has found this evening's weapon of choice, wielding that bat with the ease of a two dollar Philipino whore.
Look at you getting into character, talking about habits and shit...
Look at you puffing your chest like your someone who's important.  You better understand that you have no tactic I haven't planned for.  You see, you'll never be as smart as me, but there's not one thing you can do that I can't.
Look at you trying to move... amusing.
Look faster...
Look for another way up.
Look how far that spray went! Towel, please.
Look like UAV drone controls?  Who the fuck says that?
Look out, snipers!
Look sir. Things don't have to be awkward between us.
Look who General Killbane sent!
Look you may be cool with wearing handcuffs, but this motherfucker ain't down with that.
Look, I got a plan to pay back the Morningstar...
Look, I just need some time to mys-... STAG!
Look, I know this hasn't gone as smoothly as I said it would, but I know we can bring Gat back around.  Come to my place and give me one more chance, you won't regret it.
Look, I was really high the last time I was here.  Just drive, it'll come back to me.
Look, come to the palace of Zimos.  Got somethin' here to show you.
Look, don't take it the wrong way, but I don't do sports bars.
Look, he's still pissed about Aisha, not looking to play craps.
Look, just find Gat.  I'm fine here.
Look, just get there.  I'll think of something.
Look, just remember how happy you were when I caught you...
Look, my name's Jenny.  And yeah, I know what you think.  Can we just get to the next scene now?
Look, this is happening with or without you.  Thought maybe you just wanted to be part of it.
Look, you do your thing, I'll do mine, ok?
Lookin' at the big picture; no wonder the Morningstar hated you.
Lookin' clear, Pierce.
Looking at that avatar's programming you should have four main abilities.  The sword can be used to slash at things close by, or it can create a giant shockwave.  And as a dragon, you have medium ranged fire breath and a quick dash to evade hits.
Looking forward to revenge.
Looks kinda soft to me.
Looks like I'm stealing a plane after all.
Looks like Killbane isn't your number one fan.
Looks like Matt doesn't want you poking around here.  You'll have to work your way through his defenses.  Let's take out the firewall first.
Looks like Morningstar are getting the message.
Looks like Morninstar's getting the message.
Looks like STAG left a roadblock ahead of us.  Without help, we ain't getting by.
Looks like UAV drones?  Who talks like that?
Looks like all those big guys we keep seeing.  Clones?
Looks like both sides were here to reload.
Looks like he may have gone to the strip club.
Looks like it's not just us they're after...
Looks like one of those soundboards they use for tv shows.
Looks like that's already happening. 
Looks like the Bleak Line by Christoph Valkerie...
Looks like the Deckers started the party.
Looks like the Luchadores might be distracting the ref!
Looks like the Stilwater Butcher isn't getting a moments rest tonight.
Looks like the gate is protected by a security network tied to three terminals.  Disable each one in order and you should have no problem.
Looks like the information about the ship was useful.
Looks like the manager went home for the day.
Looks like the manager's not around.
Looks like the right place.
Looks like there's a light show outside...
Looks like these bitches got through!
Looks like these cats came prepared.
Looks like these things are on a coded timer, and the clock's ticking!  You got him yet?
Looks like they don't want us getting to that office.
Looks like they're all over the entrance. 
Looks like they're comin' in from the lobby.
Looks like they're focusing on the south side.
Looks like they're sending reinforcements.
Looks like this thing has all their mobile base locations.
Looks like we pissed them off a bit.
Looks like we'll need more guns, any ideas?
Looks like we're being ganged up on by both the aliens AND the military.
Looks like we're doing our civic duty then.
Looks like we're gonna find out...
Looks like you cleared them out.
Looks like.
Loren was into cloning.  You knew this, yes?
Loren's gonna pay for this.
Loren's still hiding like a fucking coward.
Lots of answers in my head.  None of them good.
Love the confidence there...
Love this plan, girl...
Luck won't save you this time.
Lucky for them, I had just the thing...
Lucky they packed that computer up for us.
Mad Mangler, huh?  So running over a bunch of people is probably his hobby.
Mad Mangler?  Do I need to be worried he'll send me back in a box?
Mad Mangler?  That must be one pissed off Luchador.
Mad Mangler? He got anger issues or something?
Make for home.  We can come up with a better plan there.
Make for the staircase.  We will find another one.
Make it count, love.
Make it count.
Make it quick!
Make it quick.
Make it up to me by finding Gat already.
Make me proud, Shaundi.
Make sure everything's ready to go when I get back.
Make sure he's quiet until we reach the flat.
Make sure it is something good, yes?
Make sure the Saints go down with the ship!
Make sure the welcome party is ready to go when I get back.
Make sure you aren't late.
Make sure you get my good side.
Make them take less time.
Make this easy on the squad for once.
Makes sense to me.
Makes you kind of wonder what else she's up to...
Makin' me feel better already...
Man you are a good actress.  You got that crazy eye thing down...
Man, I don't wanna hear it.
Man, Shaundi'll be bummed that she missed ya...
Man, don't kill these bitches.
Man, shut the hell up...
Man, that's cold.
Man, this shit just ain't fair.
Man, those Morningstar bitches had me locked up for so long, how was I supposed to know?
Man, we gotta get a new place.  That studio shit ain't workin' at all.
Man, we just had this place lookin' nice.
Man, we're in deep shit here.
Man, you're really on top of this...
Martha fucking Washingon.
Mascots! They're gathering at the costume shop! It's... it's how they make more of their kind! You gotta guard the store until the big sale's over!
Mask?
Mask?  So?
Mastermind of a shadowy criminal organization?  Gotta be the top floor.
Matt again?
Matt is playing games again, yes?
Maybe I should be trying these Molotovs.
Maybe I should have thought this through.
Maybe I should of listened to you, girl...
Maybe I shoulda thought about this a little more...
Maybe I'll just leave your ass in the brig.
Maybe a little bit.
Maybe because it's still plugged in? 
Maybe he should be late next time.
Maybe it's the alien homeworld?
Maybe not my best idea.
Maybe should open your own Planet Saints franchise.
Maybe something more noticeable will work better.
Maybe these girls won't try to kill us.
Maybe these strippers won't shoot me.
Maybe they decided leaping to their deaths was better than waiting to be cut to shreds by our contestant.
Maybe they're home sick.
Maybe they've left.
Maybe this is the reserve.
Maybe this wasn't the best idea...
Maybe three will be enough?
Maybe we should go to sick bay...
Maybe we should stop by.
Maybe you and Josh Birk have similar egos.
Maybe you could have sprung for a costume that fit her...
Maybe you should cut down on those...
Maybe you should have thought about that before attacking an armory.
Maybe you should run your own Planet Saints.
Maybe you're in the wrong profession.
Maybe you're just an amateur yourself.
Maybe.
Maybe.  But at least I'll go down swinging, which is more than I can say for you.
Maybe...
Maybe... hold on, Oleg, I got a call coming through.
Maybe?
Mayor Reynolds, it will be my pleasure to report a job well done.
Mayor?  When did I make that meeting?
Me.
Me?
Me?  Hell no.
Me?  I'm fine.  Promise.
Me?  I'm not worried.  This is my last tour, after we take out General Killbane I'm moving to Fiji and sailing on my new boat...The Prosperous Future.
Meaning what?  I just drive into things?
Means there's a control somewhere.  Find it.
Measured.  Controlled... That all changed when Aisha died.
Meet up first, it's a surprise.
Meet you at the diner...
Meeting the Saints.
Mercs working for Killbane maybe?
Merry Christmas to me...
Mierda...
Might as well have told him to fuck off.
Might be rough running a store along with your other duties...
Might take her mind off things.
Might want to rethink that.  AWACS plane flying in and they've got company.
Might want to switch this plane out...
Mili-what?  No, I'm talkin' about Zhen.
Miller's on the speakers... you know he loves to hear his own voice.
Mind clearin' the roofs while you're up there?
Mind filling me in?
Mind keeping it down out there?
Mind telling me why you gave it?
Mind your manners.  I am your superior officer.
Mine's "Tea Cup".
Mini-gun up above!
Mini-gun up top!
Mini-gun!
Mini-gun. Shit.
Mint, baby!  Ok, now you charge up the hill guns blazing.  
Miss me?
Miss them?
Missed opportunity, I'm tellin' you.
Mmm hmm, that's what I thought.
Mmmph... STAG...!
Mobile base tango has been hit!  I want our fighters in the air!
Molotov, meet banner.  Banner, Molotov.
Molotovs and tapestries.  A perfect match...
Money well spent.  I could kiss Cyrus for bringing this to me.  I almost hate to destroy it.
More advertisements ready?
More anti-armor on that tank!  I want them dead!
More bonuses for our contestant!
More breaking news.  Blood has chummed the water of Steelport as two boats lost control within minutes of each other, resulting in the deaths of the drivers, other boaters, and party-goers on a nearby pier.  Is this a boating stunt gone horribly wrong... or is Death smothing out a wrinkle in his deisgn.  This is Jane Valderamma with a breaking news report.
More business means more money.
More company gettin' dropped off!
More elevators, over there.
More gravestones?  You need the number for a good decorator.
More helis to shoot.
More hunters are on the way!
More hunters!
More hunters!  Will this player go for the cash?
More love dropping in from the audience.
More money or servers today?
More of these assholes?  I don't have time for this!
More of those high-tech jets!
More of those network places?
More planes, huh?  Guessing that isn't a good thing...
More snipers to the south!
More tanks coming form the north!
More then?
More to let out.  Get on that.
More troops landing on the roof.
More troops?  Aw shit...
More we keep at this, more the Morningstar are gonna come at us.
Morningstar ain't going anywhere.  Yet.
Morningstar always protect their shipment.  It ain't nothin' new.
Morningstar can't  go anywhere without seeing the Saints.
Morningstar doesn't stand a chance.
Morningstar offering to buy the girls back.
Morningstar own this shit?
Morningstar runs this place?
Morningstar won't be happy with you, I expect.
Morningstar's not gonna be able to drive 3 blocks without seeing that the Saints are in town.
Morningstar?  Think they're after Johnny too?
Morningstar?!  Guess I got my wish...
Most impressive, Kinzie.  I like the looks of this one.
Most of the time I just wing it actually.
Move along! Don't waste time!
Move is all done.  No worries on our end.
Move it over there, honey.
Move it!
Move it, people!
Move on.  Not worth it.
Move!
Move, already! And stay with him!
Mr. Smith-Jones is out on assignment right now.  He can meet you if the tip's worth his time.
Murder time is fire time!
Murderbrawl is certainly giving the finest in blood gushing, bone mashing entertainment tonight, Bobby.
Must be a way out in the garage.
Must be hiding in the office then.
Must be his direct feed into the world, where all his information flows through... yeah that's definitely a trap.
Must be nice to be so humble, Pierce.
Must be something old then.
Must say, I'm pretty pleased with how this has gone, mate.
My -- name -- is -- KILLBANE!
My God... look at him...
My aniversary's coming up and I need some toys, but Morningstar's buying out all the good stuff from Leather & Lace!  You have to stop them!
My friend introduced me to her.
My friends ain't gonna die for nothin'!  You're finished.
My friends died so that I could kill you!
My friends will not die in vain.  Your reign of terror ends!
My god...
My heart goes out for the clean up crew on this one, Zach.
My homies pay me for the catalogues, then sell them wherever they want for a profit.
My kind of plan.  Know where you're goin'?
My mask.
My money's on Oleg.
My name is Oleg Kirrlov...
My name is Viola DeWynter, we met on a flight to Steelport.
My people!  They're attacking!
My people, they... they will not let us live long.
My personal opinion is that she's a useless whore.  Professionally, however, she could have valuable information if she can be trusted.
My plans are always working!  Now we are... Wait, what is that?
My sacred, private room.
My shame ends today.
My sister and I worked with him several times.  He knows we get results.
NOOOOOOOOO!  That's impossible!
Nah, my turn girl.
Naked skydiving is worth its weight in gold.
Narcissistic much?
Naw, I got this.
Naw, baby.  Just contract workers who wanna turn a buck.
Naw, back then, people came to me.
Nearing their destination, the Saints knew this was their lost friend and were happy to see him alive and well.
Need any extra help on this one?
Need anything from me?
Need anything special from me this time around?
Need more detail than that, Kinzie.
Need to move!
Need to plant enough of these.
Need to stop them before they rip the whole place apart.
Need to thin this crowd!
Need your opinion on Viola DeWynter.
Neither will the crowd.
Never a bad thing.
Never a dull moment...
Never a shortage of assholes.
Never been much for marketing.
Never better.  More than I can say for STAG.
Never did care for all this self-marketing.
Never easy clawing your way back on top.  Trust me on that.
Never knew the Saints were so ethical.
Never said I would.
Never seen a clone before?
Never split up when zombies are involved.
Never.  Speak of this. Again.
Nevermind them, let's find Gat.
Nevermind.
Nevermind. Sorry I asked.
New plan, follow me!
Next on the list is?
Next time I send Pierce to do this.
Next time I'M throwin' the party.
Next time I'll take a parachute...
Next time I'm carrying the hos...
Next time I'm sendin' somebody else...
Next time a little heads up'd be nice...
Next time start small, Z.
Next time will not be so easy.
Next time won't be so easy.
Next time you have one of these, give it to me sooner.
Next time you punch him.  It's very soothing.
Next time you should tip better.
Next time, start with that explanation.
Next up on the list, Matt Miller's girlfriends house...
Nice day for it.
Nice job!
Nice move.
Nice of you to show up, Oleg.
Nice of you to show up.
Nice shootin', love.
Nice shooting.
Nice stock they have.
Nice to see the big guy having fun.
Nice try, Cyrus.  I'm still going to kill you.
Nice view.  I like the real thing better.
Nice work there.
Nice work, Kinzie.
Nice work, Kinzie.  Now let's get him good and riled.
Nice work, Kinzie.  Now let's rile him up.
Nice work, Pierce.  You're really good at selling stuff.
Nice!
Nice, Kinzie.
Nice.
Nicely done, Kwilanna!
Nightie night.
Nightmare?  You're not even in my top ten.
No I'm not, you're just using your mouth to pretend like you are!
No I--shut up.
No argument... here...
No big deal. We'll find another way up...
No doubt!
No doubt.
No doubt.  But eager to please the fans, Professor Genki has ordered the difficulty ramped up this second time around!
No doubt...
No doubt... Hope Pierce has room for this thing.
No fear Shaundi!  I am coming for you!
No gas stations next time.
No hurry.  He left me my weapon, so I'm good.
No hurry.  We're gonna be at this all day.
No it won't.  Genki may hunt them down personally!
No kidding.  Don't these chavs know neo-cyber punk was so last decade?
No longer shall I hide from my one true love and her cause.  Allow Shaundi and I to be together and I swear her enemies... will be my enemies.
No love from the fire trap!
No matter who wins tonight, someone is going home with crushed dreams and internal bleeding.  The crowd can't get enough of the carnage, and quite frankly, Zach, neither can I...
No matter.  I can handle it.
No more runnin', Loren!
No more traps, Jimmy.
No more turrets, no more bombarding my crew.
No need to explain, just do it.
No need to wonder.  I've seen this celebrity on the street and let me tell you, nothing is safe when the Saints roll by.
No objection from me.
No offense, but with my DNA, why would they need yours?
No one can survive much more of that.
No one fucks with my city!
No one is happy about it, Pierce.
No one will blowing up my pier... My bomb.
No one will recognize him soon.
No one'll notice if the guy has brain damage...
No problem Mr. Reynolds.  STAG gave me just what I will need.
No problem.  Did you find anything good?
No problem.  Though without a third person this won't feel right...
No problem. We'll hit 'em again later.
No problem... I will be... shooting the middle one....
No problems here, Mr. Mayor. Almost done.
No room here for hacky sack, but if I can be finding a lightbulb...
No sane man would.
No shit.
No shit...
No shortage of muscled up freaks around here.
No sign of Gat around here...
No sir, it is top quality.
No steroid can do that to a man.
No such thing as too many bullets.
No such thing.
No thanks.
No threats.  Just a promise.  When I'm through with you, your lover won't be able to identify your body.
